'1
NAKAIMO - My Little Sister Is Among Them!
episode: 7
time: 22 minutes, 14 seconds
confidence: 91.85373563005803%'
'after imsa chan i have made yaejoon chan'
'One thing I don't know why
It doesn't even matter how hard you try
Keep that in mind, I designed this rhyme
To explain in due time
All I know
Time is a valuable thing
Watch it fly by as the pendulum swings
Watch it count down to the end of the day
The clock ticks life away
It's so unreal
Didn't look out below
Watch the time go right out the window
Tryin' to hold on, did-didn't even know
I wasted it all just to watch you go
I kept everything inside and even though I tried
It all fell apart
What it meant to me will eventually
Be a memory of a time when I tried so hard
I tried so hard and got so far
But in the end it doesn't even matter
I had to fall to lose it all
But in the end it doesn't even matter
One thing, I don't know why
It doesn't even matter how hard you try
Keep that in mind, I designed this rhyme
To remind myself how I tried so hard
In spite of the way you were mockin' me
Acting like I was part of your property
Remembering all the times you fought with me
I'm surprised it got so far
Things aren't the way they were before
You wouldn't even recognize me anymore
Not that you knew me back then
But it all comes back to me in the end
You kept everything inside and even though I tried
It all fell apart
What it meant to me will eventually
Be a memory of a time when I tried so hard
I tried so hard and got so far
But in the end it doesn't even matter
I had to fall to lose it all
But in the end it doesn't even matter
I've put my trust in you
Pushed as far as I can go
For all this
There's only one thing you should know
I've put my trust in you
Pushed as far as I can go
For all this
There's only one thing you should know
I tried so hard and got so far
But in the end it doesn't even matter
I had to fall to lose it all
But in the end it doesn't even matter'
'Come to Irony Fest @IMSA! The Academy is Happy to Sponsor this WEEKLONG RETREAT! And all for the low price of your sanity!'
'friday funnies is a false idol'
'in the comments of a sewerslvt video'
'why did some humans evolve to liking furries what survival tactic is that'
'i cannot send or i will go to hell'
'they would have beautiful babies'
'Um. I will not be "pulling" any "hoes."'
'HOLY FUCK PHILLIP PAULSON GOIN UIUC'
'yeah whatever we're gone by then'
'my fella i clocked out a long time ago'
'funniest shit ever theyre not even going back next semester'
'Imagine seeing a fuckwit in a panda express uniform drift'
'prolly regrets getting that prenup'
'kinda looks like da battlepass(austin)'
'diego i want to fucking strangle you'
'He kind of looks like austin'
'What if i show up to school in dream cpsplay tf they gonna do'
'!TheUrge'
'my neighbors do not like me.'
'The final boss is Evans Cole'
'you tell me, mom'
'7 deadly evins.'
'it would be funny if like someone had to fight all of kevins former partners like scott pilgrim and they were all comically similarly named'
'kevins partners

kevin
devin
gavin
levin
seven'
'Kevin's 3rd boyfriend'
'it is storming outside. all of our faces are grim as we know the horror that is about to be unleashed. the choirs in the background is intensifying. someone, with a face more solemn than ours, walks up to a vault door that looms above everybody. there is a red button with a dark and meanacing glow, and they press it. a sound tears through the world as the vault doors open, and then there is a blinding light. the end is at hand.'
'imagine sleeping on a bed in a sleep over'
'yaejoon we will let you back in the chat if you burn down sodexo'
'it would be quite a shame if there was someone ethere wh c convinced him to burn down sodexo'
'i want to beat the shit out of yaejoon'
'that was townsend describing her rule'
'"imagine your grandma goes through your backpack and sees a copy of this story would you be ok with that?"'
'ok i have the attention span of a goldfish. i am back.'
'Good for him. Less children is better. Stop at two.'
'!chad'
'i feel like this fits my pic more thab bretts lmao'
'i am me'
'kearney said among us and i died'
'obviously this is some deep rooted trauma'
'I had a dream we all all voicechatting or something at a pool or whatever and the pools came with temperature sensor that would adjust temperature based on times. And then kevins pool got slightly warmer and hes like "a bit warmer. not bad. not bad at all. Certainly a fine temperature." And we all laughed'
'bro she should come out; we love and support her no matter what'
'There's so many lonely emojis man

-Kanye West'
'Jaelynn kind of looks like David'
'Anias is a fascist incel wignat'
'in an alternate universe when vegetables sees a plate of diego'
'diego when he sees a plate of vegetables'
'Me rn'
'why does it autocorrect to persona'
'imagine if you remembered more that would be awesome'
'imagine me speeding by you while doing a wheelie on that with your mom in the back'
'oh yeaj i forgot its end of semester which means podcast season'
'The sun goes up, the stars go down. The universe will never be the same I'm glad you came'
'me upon speeding up rockerfeller street nightcore 1.5x'
'i am not on adderall i am shlonking fish oil and carbs rn. Except i have too much'
'ayo new jackson just dropped'
'Im Smriti. Im from West Chicago IL and Im excited to attend WPI for ECE. I like to drum, read, build stuff, hang out, and have terrible and nonsensical conversations. I like music (my spotify should be in my ig bio if youre curious) a lot, and I really like physics. I plan on doing marching/pep band, HPRC, Locksport club, and radio club at WPI (if im able to).  If I sound remotely interesting... please message me. Im still looking for a roommate too, preferably to room in a double in messenger (im open to other options though!).

my instagram is @moderatelypacedturtle, and my snapchat is mpturtle'
'(Splinglebob chronicles) what.the fuck.'
'"Some say that I am toxic, but I say that Im just having some good fun. In the end, online multiplayer games are actually just games and shouldnt be taken too seriously. If you are really getting that angry at a computer monitor then you should probably seek some professional help."'
'Literally austin'
'This will be kevin after uic'
'le fishe'
'Got to talk about anime and persona with a coworker for 4 hours'
'>player gets to 69% damage
hey shoutout to 69
uh thats not appropriate
>2 minutes of silence'
'brett hates female representation in fiction'
'bruh i literally wrote about youtube poops'
'Both'
'I was talking about how weird my dream was and then he just follows up with "have you ever been afraid that I might hurt you?".'
'Man my dad is like a goddamn expert at killing a conversation'
'
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
episode: 25
time: 48 seconds
confidence: 100%'
'
Sound of the Sky
episode: 13
time: 7 minutes, 48 seconds
confidence: 83.11330015258443%'
'wtf furry react'
'look its smiling'
'no teeheeing in the faze chat'
'My bussy is still untapped'
'also the leader of the party that won the election in my state is named Stalin'
'now there is a 3d animation of prime minister modi getting kicked in the face and balls bc his party got dsetroyed here'
'Garage sale pt 2. We've been here for two hours and literally nobody has shown up.'
'Corpse husband'
'i could actually have sex if i wasn't scared of it'
'Oh @Diego Lichel this week I'm gonna try out the tinder and the grindr and the bumbr'
'yooooooooooo UIUC has transinclusionary dorms??'
'"Okay class we are going to kill jason"

"Kid named jason:"'
'my father said "So at my school theres a kid named jason.." and i laughed so hard and everyone looked at me weird'
'woah this is like jackson and austin'
'I. Am going to stab you with a rusty piece of metal'
'how do you come up with a incredibly broad unpopular opinion every fucking day'
'ok why is my dad getting a cybertruck'
'i have failed as a brother, my sister is playing osu'
'@Jackson Dooley this is you'
'join the club'
'That message instictively caused me to put a revolver to the side of my head'
'My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.

-Kanye West'
'praying one of the senior week events is sneaky nut'
'Ryan gosling react'
'Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on

-Kanye West'
'Buy property

-Kanye West'
'it shows how much money kevin has lost'
'@Brett Johnson peg kevin'
'fuck you'
'Olympicene/messenger-helper uptime: 0'
'also please dont do that'
'this was all i was thinking during the diego wind today'
'thank you brittney '
'diet Bingus'
'Whats your favorite root beet. For me its Oliet Bangs'
'a present fit for a bi king'
'kevin for your birthday i will get you a bike with the bi colors'
'- 
Naruto: Shippuden
episode: 283|503
time: 42 seconds
confidence: 81.01681696557836%'
'i will break your kneecaps'
'@Kevin Cordero is a cyclist'
'@Kevin Cordero  you are my bi king'
'it has the crushed by corporations aesthetic bc most people living there probably work for a decent sized company'
'Also funny that trump is a literal dickhead'
'(NOT FOR MEN)'
'the difference is the wind bring in regular showers'
'this wind is literally diego'
'jackson is getting the bts meal'
'a bingus gif in the proto indo european discord'
'istg i thought you were just making most of this shit up but now im reading about it and im like woah'
'wait. so maid cafes are real?'
'ok google search toriel on website e621, sort by rank, on screen'
'even better. ends with talking about "egirls are ruining my life"'
'>I see a scholarship called "make me laugh" for $1000'
'Davin'
'C-O-D-I-N-G'
'diego.'
'in general. most of you are.'
'Trad Wife Dorian Electra'
'It reminded me of being at imsa '
'WTF chas has become based'
' 
Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion
episode: 24
time: 5 seconds
confidence: 85.37957663953082%'
'SEED DESTINY
Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny
episode: 10
time: 29 seconds
confidence: 88.90951910955611%'
'KEVIN IS A YANDERE'
'
Spirited Away
episode: null
time: 1 minute, 53 seconds
confidence: 81.76179313152008%'
'he has an nda with your mom'
'never know whos a chinese patent spy'
'now i just gotta help the 5 others down the line'
'Theo called this the pog plane'
'Haha doja cat has saggy boobs'
'My brother stares at a plaque and goes "this guys name is funny"'
'inbreeding probably'
'1337'
'finally after grinding for many hours'
'everyone cleans their goddamn room diego'
'Site 72B, Dig Site 4, Plot 2
Structure, Room Likely used to house mentally unstable peoples, Holocene, 2000s'
'if there's a single person at imsa that i've spoken to at least thrice that hasn't heard of this at least, then i've failed'
'There's a playlist on spotify called "Cleveland Steamer" and its just the whole undertale soundtrack but out of order'
'they gave me a dana ginnett meeting for calling him jose basically'
'And torres was sad '
'I'm gonna write my blog post about josh fight'
'2 lines and i could obliterate her'
'its like the "me resisting the urge image"'
'my sister keeps rap dissing at me and its literally taking all of my strength to resist the urge to say "you smell like u farted. U look like u retarded"'
'You mean your normal voice'
' ay a c bad  d  ca f y da f yg'
'you shut up i literally am'
'shut up you are not corpse husband'
'drive through gender changing'
'biden's america'
'I swear kids these days need everything handed to them'
'Arent you male'
'double rainbow outside my house currently. things are about to get extra gay.'
'When I went to get my shot it was like a drive thru type deal. So like the lady walks up to the car, on my side and says "hello ladies"'
'IM GONNA BIKEEEE'
'Drive'
'Got microchipped btw'
'fuck i got a refund on the burial record because the bandcamp broke and they were out of stock but didnt say it'
'Ready for my summer job'
'He got the amazon workers cage as a room'
'i am just the funny depressed hero propic'
'theres like this massive contrast between the profile pic and the person behind the profile pic'
'Power move'
'NO WAYYY HAHAHAH'
'This is hilarious'
'i have a feeling this percentage is much lower for this group chat'
'so sorry jay you didnt get into any college'
'10 years and nothing is clearer'
'It's the remaining piece of your brain after watching 9 million episodes'
'one piece fans when they find one piece'
'you dont get it i have to find out what the fucking one piece is'
'alana please be a space pirate with me we can rob innocents in space'
'Titan crew'
'$400 000 for 2 bathroom 1 bedroom be like'
'Shut your face (destroys ur overpriced north side house with one punch)'
'thank you.  the hamsters might think they are above the plant owners if they unionize'
'the left. wants your pants.'
'i like the anti-hamster union propoganda'
'"the tree huggin queers hate it!"'
'https://students.imsa.edu/~tschreiber/index.html'
'"it keeps the arabs out!"'
'just say the liberal snowflakes dont want a nuclear plant in texas'
'Just tell them  it's an immigrant remover device.'
'just imagine. i become an engineer. space travel becomes common some time after they have extended the lifespans of most people. i become a space pirate in my elderly years but i am still spry.'
'imagine if you got rich on cumrocket'
'I fucked your mom. And your other mom.'
'jokes on you. i have 0.58 USD'
'that just means hes twice as vulnerable to yo mama jokes'
'one time i told this dude i fucked his dad and he had two moms'
'It's like when Kevin was like your parents are divorced lol!'
'wait you have a dad right'
'Ahhhhhhh Noooooooo fuck off noooongahhhhh'
'nah i fucked your dad now im straight'
'cries and runs off into the woods'
'Shut up chas. You like radiohead'
'Heres what i took out of this convo:

Sorry if i acted mean

I think that is it'
'Shut the fuck up jay noone likes you'
'lmao imsa is so toxic everywhere today'
'I have no clue what the bleepity bleep is going on  here'
'cope'
'god i wish the the wojak bot was stil up'
'New vsauce video about consciousness just dropped'
'for the hours and hours of my life i spend on books and learning, i don't need a 17 year old internet communist telling me i'm stupid. i am stupid, but you don't get to be the judge of that.'
'What the bleepity bleep is going on here'
'i need to make my omlette'
''
'Looks like a smosh video'
'with dikachu.'
'and the pokemon porn video'
'remember when we were concerned about the bermuda triangle and not student loans'
'I spent a lot of time watching the history channel as a child...'
'we all think we're gods until we tear our acl walking down the stairs'
'??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? the bible talks about advanced alien lifeforms? where the fuck?'
'keyword "I BELIEVE"'
'My big fat brain'
'I'm imagining jay walking diego to the bath'
'ok grampa lets get you to bed'
'you're just so retarded'
'humans do things that are wrong. cows do no wrong.'
'"here comes the imposter!"
*feeds diego some broccoli on a spoon*'
'Diego when the superior alien race comes to enslave humans'
'no i not'
'imagine the reason for this rant being because diego cant eat his veggies'
'his name is jackson'
'diego i think you should try eating vegetables'
'me thinks diego can be easily manipulated to a cause mass genocide'
'i am sorry brett this means you must perish for the greater good'
'Glue'
'the McJoon'
'MY JUNGKOOK SALAD'
'WHERE, IS MY. JIMIN SAUCE.'
'mcdonalds wageslaves when your meal is $5.49 and you hand them a 10+1'
'Thinking about how when we were in wisconsin dells I saw a shop with "cbd" on the side and I just looked at it and said "cock and ball destruction"'
'diego is relying on the assumption that we care'
'>whats 9 + 10'
'We need a new law called the no sex allowed law'
'new conspiracy theory just dropped'
'oh wait! you need money for that. whoops!'
'ahem. communism bad. thank you for listening.'
'china built the death star on the moon and aimed it at taiwan'
'ahem. how can I, an average Indian person, have aany motive for the value of gold to go up?'
'fear mongering means gold prices gold up'
'>ITS HAPPENING'
'Its funny though'
'never even visited the website in fact'
'everyone is unhappy with  right now'
'ITS HAAAAAPENIIING 

i slept theough econ quiz :('
'>THE GREAT RESET IS COMINGG
>ITS HAPPENINGGG'
'please don't hit us with world war 3'
'"I hate poor people i hope they die"'
'that is not the attitude of a true Titan Crew Enjoyer!!'
'literally fucking you chas'
'there is a fat 10 seconds with just you and peter dancing'
'IF IM ABOUT TO GET ANOTHER HORNY BOY IN MY SNAPCHAT DMS'
'im going through my mom's facebook to find pictures for this mandarin project about our families and wtf is this'
'watch your tone, slave'
'PoV @Jaelynn Abdullah gives you the nword pass'
'what if i talked about trolling and one of the links in my post is a rickroll'
'alternatively just write deez nuts ha gottem and submit'
'oh my god'
'She will get me into all the music shows if we end up being roomates'
'Day ruined'
'i mean i think being baked would be kinda funny'
'is ecstasy legal here'
'well i mean they werent wrong when they said you were going to be great'
'I typed this as a joke but i want to kill myself reading this'
'NOOOOO WAYYYYY'
'dude i am so excited to see what the imsa ranking for 21-22 is'
'Doge bruh react'
'I kin little autism'
'Mr. Funny'
'watch drive'
'Trust me doing this will give you an instant pass on your exam'
'Step 1: Drive on the inside of the turn
Step 2: When you approach the curve, go to the outside
Step 3: Let off the gas and quickly turn to the inside
Step 4: Quickly pull the parking brake and then push it back
5: Turn to the outside of the curve
6: Step on gas'
'There is no fucking way there was 10 million fire flies'
'And his name is dick pussy'
'he was pulled over for going 120mph on the freeway in his porsche 911 and while he was on the side of the road a drunk driver hit the cop car'
'Biden just recognized the Armenian Genocide'
'Looks like nick rock and xander wells at the same time'
'amoingus spchloingus'
'>instagram reccomends me accounts for people who discover in their later years they have autism'
'Damn should put that in the imsa math office'
'i spend about 8 hours playing stardew valley'
'Diego'
'You aren't a chick. You are a hen.'
'My family is putting literal baby chickens in the basement rn.'
'But I will tell him he needs a new stroke'
'Yo soneone come on discord and give me suggestions im making nfts'
'Like i pause a song and just hear a faint whisper of "among us"'
'you think i could just make a facerig of bretts face'
'im sorry for criticizing the glorious religion of islam, assalamualaikum'
'he was assassinated because he was a jrpg fan'
'adds twitter user'
'my brother got one and it straight up said "said to a friend "it looks like you're having sex" while the friend was drinking a juice box"'
'all of you need help'
'Google assignments and diego's Google account linked up. Need it or keep it?'
'Google assingments was like "Link up your google account" and i got whiplash'
'Spttemgnther und scheiesheisty'
'Why do you have the vape machine?'
'Probably your mom.'
'then it go fart fart fart'
'socdem nuts'
'got the job lets go'
'I think we should celebrate when austin would get a miata with a round of red bull'
'this doctor was like either 
a) you get cancer in 15 years 
b) we remove your belly button'
'goat with some fat tiddies'
'Fake crewmates'
'Jaelynn I think it's safe to say you are one of the very few people who can actually pull off wearing a minion shirt in 2021.'
'>has a job interview today
>It's at 11am
>In person
>Mfw'
'New react'
'Going to off myself'
'Saw it written and I saw it say
Pink moon is on its way
And none of you stand so tall
Pink moon gonna get ye all'
'An ion is quite small'
'there were kids playing red rover when I visited'
'its read 50 studco applications and then have 2 meetings at teh same time wihout studying any math monday'
'I will reach out to you alana'
'i need all these tabs'
'i like how he just casually hits kevin its hilarious'
'Alex and Barghavs love child'
'i need that video where the guy goes "guys this my new boyfriend" and the guy says "idk what the bleep blob is going on here"'
'We out here smoking penises'
'Better than putting down asian'
'and my boss is the same person for both locations'
'my dad basically said that taking a selfie is the gayest thing that you can do'
'i was larping as a destiny player in this scene'
'And dead kennedy's'
'you were too ballsy with the bluff'
'whay the fuck is that'
'so no one'
'dont worry diego youre not alone'
'wait I made this way before Qanon'
'How has your family not beaten you to death'
'diego how the fuck do you have a girlfriend'
'I have not taken a shower in a week i should probably take obe'
'brett dont go to college become a full time tiktoker'
'https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMeCRarhc/'
'nah animal sex in the amazing world of gumball universe would be human porn'
'who is the pretender'
'i think we should code a game and market it as "the next among us"'
'diego think of how temi went to college and how temi made a life for themselves'
'"i hope everything is good, i like that everyone is here all woken up and dressed up, not in prom attire. and I'm not talking about prom gowns jaelynn. no prom gowns jaelynn."'
'apparently aerospace engineers have starting salaries of about $60 per year'
'wait thats uic'
'that mustve been one cac meeting'
'bioluminescent FBI African americans'
'last wedding i went too they fucking hunted deer'
'Gary, now I know I was wrong
I messed up, and now you're gone
Gary, I'm sorry I neglected you
Oh, I never expected you to run away and leave me
Feeling this empty
Your meow right now would sound like music to me
Please come home, 'cause I miss you, Gary'
'"whats the occasion?"
"among us night"'
'Stfu natalist shill!'
'If I am sexing and anyone makes those noises. I am leaving'
'Didn't do enough drugs. SMH'
'god send her that screenshot saying you have an unread message from her'
'i just spent my entire presentation ripping on France and its taking all of my power not to add this at the end'
'and i look this shit up next thing google recommends is miss kobayashis dragon maid and eromanga sensei'
'This game fucking sucks'
'I would do that to you Kevin'
'Tf this mean?'
'"No more monkeys jumpung on the bed"'
'Hmm i wonder why diego has this ad'
'Bumble'
'Grindr'
'dode if that is a period my respect for women just went like tenfold up'
'then you felt the fury of 1000 suns'
'all around me are familiar faces'
'i need to stop causing the wave function collapses that lead to this chat being horny'
'i want to pee on this messenger screen'
'I would'
'Someone blocked me alresdy'
''
'Fake Hegelians:'
'He used to play league of legends even...'
'I think he needs a second stroke'
'First of all, Papa Smurf didn't create Smurfette. Gargamel did. She was sent in as Gargamel's evil spy with the intention of destroying the Smurf village. But the overwhelming goodness of the Smurf way of life transformed her. And as for the whole gang-bang scenario - It just couldn't happen. Smurfs are asexual. They don't even have reproductive organs under those little white pants. That's what's so illogical, you know, about being a Smurf. What's the point of living... if you don't have a dick?'
'`'
'we will communicate without diego'
'Diego is not green pilled'
'cheese ?!'
'"Source?"
"I made it up"'
'why would he be hosting a server with an open port with his name on it'
'The only two good british people:

Wallace
Gromit'
'My dog is doing the bruh react rn'
'still thinking abkut approaching music like a ytp'
'define rights brett.'
'twitter user @RacistPedophile got suspended. Another victim of cancel culture'
'i think i am a sigma male.'
'Austin'
'I found out today that my mom hates the band fun.'
'ok nvm poland _can_ get worse'
'roneurism'
'the solution is microsoft'
'I am not going but I would watch a ytp of it'
'Never'
'i just won a 5k scholarship im internally screaming'
'probably about jackson and austin'
'what is going on on on'
'scheussy'
'it used to have lainchan pirate bay and pornhub'
'matestical'
'i am going to put the presidents house on a one way street and have a traffic flow rate of 34% in cities skylines'
'I want him to be in my dreams and we just do guy stuff together'
'im one of the birds bc im fly as fuck'
'id rather skin my soles off than date a white dude'
'hahaha kevin has dated a boy. Gay'
'>tfw you actually have a chance at sex with kevin'
'say something along the lines of "i am kevin cordero, i like coding"'
'you really fucking said "in a straight voice"'
'you show up my manager says: "what can i help you with" "doolster" then like fifteen minutes of you trying to  explain what you mean and then he gets me from the drive thru area. where i am working. like doing shit. and then he brings me up there and i am like "what?" "goopy mud burger"'
'i am israel male'
'one of my coworkers just said "why does he walk like a sim?" and we lost our minds man'
'The term sigma male hurts to hear now man'
'man he literally does the virgin walk. like. that is how this dude walks'
'no i am a sigma male'
'hey austin are you gonna wear a white dress for graduation'
'fuck off there's only one song there'
'i like how you're implying that you are mentally stable'
'A scientific inquiry into how female content creators on the internet are ruining my life'
'What if i wrote a research paper or whatever and just put myself down as corpse husband what the fuck are they gonna do'
'ok a fella just got the job'
'dont add him back'
'like a hotwheels'
'im telling you. At least the tanks stopped'
'damn imagine me walking with all my siblings just to get taken down like bowling pins'
'this guy said there's no stigma around periods because we poop and that's natural'
'Actually u right ive deleted it. Im a changed man now'
'invest in $DEEZ'
'have him invest 1 cent in every major company in the us. insuing crash will be so large that capitalism will just collapse entirely, then we get to do communism'
'Kevin will lose money..... a small price to pay for us getting rich as fuck'
'Kevin finally realizes his true power'
'i will now invest in crypto and cause a market crash'
'Whoops instead of my wallet i accidentally unholsterd my state issued glock 19 and shot you 7 times in the chest'
'Kevin will never die in a shootout with the ATF/FBI'
'The deepstate qanon illuminati antichrist lizard men are intentionally fucking with kevin'
'maybe someone is watching kevin and just specifically doing shit to troll him'
'The Cordero effect if you will'
'ok how is the inverse kevin strategy always so good'
'what is SNDL, Sneed Land?'
'Pot will become illegal again tomorrow'
'Ballistic Sim by Simbabones'
'what if you meet the presidenr or whatever and ur talking with him on tv and then he says something cringe and so then you hand him a folded up piece of paper of a soyjack in your wallet. I just think thatd be funny as hell'
'ok n**gas in paris is really good i think'
'why did jaelynn transform into irl among us'
'fellas i believe i have girlbossed the interview'
'Shattering stigma: kevin'
'Mildew'
'fuck you admin'
'Fuck it. We are bringing literally nothing to move in. I will sleep on my bed no pillow no blanket'
'Ok so i think napalming the main building is the move'
'3 days fight club?'
'The virgin 3-day weekend vs the chad 3-day week'
'WHAT THE FUKC MY PHONE AUTO MATICALLY CHOSE THIS MESSAGE TO REPLY TO'
'Worst pandemic I've ever experienced. 3/10'
'remember the day on campus junior year where the sky was straight up red'
'ultimate weapon activate: yaejoon.'
'negative for covid positive for rabies'
'imagine: freshmen for SEAMS will be on campus longer than admitted sophomores for class of 2023'
'Cant wait for driveway prom'
'we could literally crash at someone's house at that point'
'So is
Teachin' bitches how to swim'
'yea same i am too busy chasing the bag'
'I think I would get this tatoo'
'how does it feel to have windows 10 in your bloodstream'
'my heart won't stop beating :('
'>opens youtube
>Sees video
>Called "did poggers eat dababy?"
>Close youtube'
'chicago: become kevin'
'i hatet this'
'Too bad I didn't get in lol'
'Good critique. I will make my own variable roles for me and arely. I will now be diegobossmaid.'
'someone took his calculator and he was like "bro imma shank you"'
'ok now sir advior is talking about how he constatnly carried a knife on imsa campus'
'its a special one called nissan cube'
'oh shit it's in poland so krystian was involved too'
'it's in osceiwoiqfiojfoigar, so it's close enough'
'Fake news'
'you literally inspect elemented it'
'Absolutely. Every Monday and Friday with mr Thomas Meyer'
'hello'
'>communicating with teachers

eeeewwwww'
'i did find it and i really like your point about how the Jewish-american cabal is taking over ameria by filling this country with dirty mexican and africans'
'wow brett i cant beleive you called kamala harris the n word'
'This is just more proof that pol is wrong about literally everything they predict'
'Cant wait to see the mental gymnastics on how chauvin gets free'
'>goes on pol'
'switches to fox news to see how they are coping rn'
'Chauvin guilty on all charges'
'but my heart fell there for a second'
'dooley dog'
'oh no we are talking about yaejoon in french 5'
'im. going. to punch,. you'
'He has the build of a mf emperor penguin'
'Oh shit I just remembered that in my dream I was like with you guys and we drove out into the wilderness and we encountered an angry wolf and we had to run. Into the car and once we got in there. You guys were not you, you were the members of metallica'
'GOD I WANT TO DRIVE A FUCKING TRACTOR'
'weld yourself up by your bootstraps'
'i had a dream during midday where a bunch of mexicans were sitting in my backyard watching baseball on the neighbors tv and then they accidentally threw a bat into the nieghbors yard and when i went to go get it for them sirens started going off and everyone scattered so i went inside and my entire family was packing to prepare to move to a bomb shelter because nuclear war started'
'he wishes'
'also please dont send things'
'This reminds me that im autistic'
'maybe he was secretly doing woodworking'
'you see your father made the mistake of not welding'
'this is even better'
'what?'
'olypicene is now playing halo'
'they're probably trying to become florida sports coaches atm'
'Please post this to pol'
'HOLLLYYY SHITTTTTT 

>BENITO MUSSOLINI PRACTICALLY REVIVED FROM DEAD

HAPPENNINGGGGG

>GANDALF THE GREY AND GANDALF THE WHITE JUST FLEW INTO CHUCK NORRIS AIRSPACE
>MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAILS' BLACK KNIGHT IN LARGEST TEAM UP OF ALL TIME
>COWBOY CURTIS AND JAMBIE THE GENIE, THE ROBOCOP THE TWRMINATOR, CAPTAIN KIRK, DARTH VADER STAGING AT THE BORDER, ENTERING AIRSPACE
>LO PAN AND EVERY SINGLE POWER RANGER IN RUSSIAN AIRSPACE
>SUPERMAN IN UKRAINIAN AIRSPACE
>BILL S PRESTON, THEODORE LOGAN, SPOCK, THE ROCK, DOC OCK, HULK HOGAN REPORTEDLY FLYING IN FROM SYRIA 
>ALL AGAINST CHUCK NORRIS

This is it boys. Fire will rage on for centuries, and many lives will be claimed. Bets on mr rogers in a blood stained sweater at the emd of ot'
'i would be a menace on adderall'
'"i dont play destiny 2 because i have a girlfriend" - @Diego Lichel'
'I find this meme page highly offensive, as it contains content that violates several of my beliefs. With that being said, admins, I would strongly consider revising or deleting this page, or I will have no choice but to take matters into my own hands and show the page to administration.'
'Baka Shinji its Ramadan! You cant have those thoughts or you will be sent to ! Come, let us pray to Allah for your penance.'
'Nat when yaejoon'
'DRAAAAAIN GAAAAAAA'
'No we arent'
'literally 1984'
'yoo i got muted on free thought facebook group'
'Who wants a ticket to the mantinee of jaelynn and Is sex tape'
'Dogwhistling that i am a wignat'
'jesser look i am sans'
'Chas will be the top monthly supporter'
'Good'
'This was me every second I learned a new thing about Russian grammar'
'you cant find solace but you can find solstice'
'brett when he is put onto a heart monitor'
'Olympicene is now playing Destiny 2'
'I have once again not joined titan crew.'
'Same shit
Different monday :('
'alright i made a song a week ago. i used lyrics from second grade. i'm going to send it now. austin i hope it inspires you.'
'god.'
'Tbh this is the most diego thing to say and its kinda comforting to read that'
'i need pussy from a bitch in yandere cosplay'
'yeah. he talked about that when i told peter to stop telling racist jokes in class; he said something like "I used to be that kid, and it was not good"'
'Wtf kearney used to be racist'
'In my dream I had a polish class at imsa the whole time but I never knew'
'it's less retarded than saying funny'
'Olympicene is now playing Hunie Pop 2'
'     Free Tibet  The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989  The Tiananmen Square Massacre  The Anti-Rightist Struggle  The Great Leap Forward  The Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution  Human Rights  Democratization  Freedom  Independence  Multi-party system   Taiwan Formosa  Republic of China    Tibet  Dalai Lama  Falun Dafa  The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region  Nobel Peace Prize  Liu Xiaobao'
'The tankie is suppressing the information'
'Whatd i do'
'excellent suggestion kevinson!'
'this chat is in a quantum superposition of being horny and not horny at the same time and every time we open this cursed land we cause a wave function collapse into one of the two states'
'the dad is gay'
'let us see what r34 inside out has to say'
'this chat is schrdinger's hornyposting'
'Jaelynn if you're so confident in your heterosexuality youll deepthroat that cucumber and send the video to this chat'
'@Austin McDonald can you photoshop diego naked like you did with that picture of kevin'
'Vaush after his asshole explodes from taking horse cock'
'Kanye Omori West'
'sigma sex slumberparty'
'honestly, fuck him'
'be brave and say "among" instead of amongst @Jaelynn'
'thats like me saying "i order like a short male with long brown hair and i have no idea why"'
'diego you're actually dead'
'"im boutta drop this pacifist run and slit this spiders throat"'
'I radiate beauty'
'nice haircut, liberal. where'd you get it, the liberal store?'
'Not even gonna bother asking cause I already know youre just gonna send the smiling troll face and refuse to elaborate'
'When they hit me with that dollar store yoinky sploinky'
'Me prior to hitting that yoinky sploinky'
'verb: vented 
noun: imposter 
adjective: sussy'
'can we just make a list of all funny words and put it into a mad lib or something to replace diego'
'this is something the robot from veggietales would say'
'when he hits you with that dollar store G#'
'my rendition of the Star Wars main theme'
'my mom is out here "nooo you can't wear a hoodie and a miniskirt together that doesn't work" like ur a middle aged straight white lady ur opinion matters zero here'
'not only that but like the fellas with the thin blue line flag. Like who do you think is going to come for your guns when they inevitably get taken away'
'why dont you send me texts like this? '
'https://youtu.be/gQOejtshSTM'
'when he hits you with that dollar store claymore'
'me'
'last summer mine made me go to a dunkin drive through. what a fellow.'
'radiohead'
'my driving instructor really just made me drive to a jimmy johns so he could order a sandwich'
'thinking about how we were reading edgar allen poe in ninth grade and he used the word dank to describe a cave and everyone laughed'
'>Comes upstairs to get breakfast
>Whole family is having a serious conversation about the pandemic
>"Ok google play loveless by my bloody valentine"'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah sabrina made a studco dance moms tier list and you are at the bottom. sorry bro.'
'the quad'
'i just got an ad on youtube and it said "we have evil living among us"'
'this looks deranged '
'When that 5G hits'
'my mom asked me why i am buying baggy hoodies and i was like "well, i want to conceal my masculine upper body." and she just started laughing and went "you don't have a masculine upper body." and this makes me feel warm inside'
'or ming's restaurant'
'ill decorate your piss bottle if i can buy stuff on your account'
'Her name was deborah butt.'
'Jung on this cock'
'eminem jung cook'
'3 weeks until titty skittle appointment'
'clearly.'
'somebody's retirement plan just imploded'
'did kevin invest in it'
'i found a list of places that offer hrt on informed consent, and i was like "why are all of these 5+ hours away from me". i had it set to walking'
'bye mom!'
'I was watching a video on the best mods for a miata and at one point the dude opened the glove box and it was full of limp bizkit cds'
'its basically the story of two people bonding at a kfc by deepfrying their fingers together'
'"i listen to the smiths"'
'kentucky fried fingers'
'>try again
>immediately sticks hand into pot of boiling water'
'n-pop'
'>do not want to be at work
>go on autopilot mode
>pours straight up fucking sauce in the deep fryer
>mfw'
'jaesugadick'
'i just realized in my dream i found a guitar shaped like a Canadian leaf and it had like 9 knobs and it could function as an organ'
'@Teagan Mitchell'
'Visiting uiuc'
'im sending him this in response'
'you sound like some white kyle talking about how his favorite gatorade is blue'
'ill still call you retard'
'just call me revy'
'jacob was like "oh you should watch the rest of code geass" and i was like "no i don't think i need to" well'
'wait all of those countries arent even real'
'"really, ringo?"'
'I will look like this soon'
'goddamn. animal crackers in my soup'
'This is diego'
'The other driver involved is a man named "Diego Michel"'
'idk but if anyone should have a license plate that says g1rl b0ss or "mmm f4rt" it's alana'
'Where is my car?'
'I was too busy. Thibking about that one video where donkey kong was like "my word these bananas are magnifacent"'
'i will probably draw a giant dick on the bottom of the oil pan, so that whenever i have to work under the car i laugh'
'Something bad happens the next day'
'Cool haircut '
'i am snacking'
'Florida just made penis insoection day real'
'yaejoon <3'
'Remember the one lead thing when they were introducing us to the whole lead talk thing and then everyone just did a standing ovation after every line in the guys speech?'
'Dude that was when Diego played the fucking Monado Monday thing at full volume'
'The last thing you would want in your third world country is poor education for women but as it turns out. That might be just what you get'
'dude you have no idea the entire time we were just going number 15'
'oh yea and the krisha sounded like the burger king foot lettuce dude'
'i remember austin going down the halls screaming you know what grinds my gears? fortnite!'
'The first night I realized that austin existed was when he made passionate love to me'
'illinois genius academy'
'it's going to be a fun time down the road when we say "i went to imsa" and all they can find is the racing association'
'he's going to nut on you'
'idk if you saw it but on the imsa discord he sayd that all women must burn'
'peter when he sees a black person'
'when the friendship is destroyed'
'"so peter, how's yaejoon and alana?"'
'even better, say the word "alana"'
'just unmute, say the word yaejoon, and then mute and turn off your camera'
'basically someone invited the edgy kid to our group chat and he sent some emojis that together were a racist joke about middle eastern people being terrorists, but the dude's 60 year old mom was signed into his account on her phone and she got that message and thought she was being sent terrorist threats, so basically she called the police on us and we were taken into the dean's to be questioned by the police'
'has anyone seen my gym partner's a monkey'
'i have decided to stop talking about guns because this sentence gave me an anyerism'
':|'
'alright dababy playing over kearney speaking is not the move'
'we started 5 minutes late and kearney is crying'
'hold on... what's today's date?'
'you're acting like girls don't reside right across from them'
'Yeahh girls are cool and good '
'im looking at a problem in bc3 and i dont understand it at all this is not good'
'you look  like the picture fox news uses when another black dude gets shot'
'i think i actually whiplashed'
'kevin and i will just be gay dads and teach you how to cook whenever we meet up'
'mcqueen integrals'
'+1 joons'
'You have no devils pick so essentially bad investment'
'exactly what a tankie would say'
'nu sticker price for four years is literally twice the value of my house'
'i have given up'
'they hit me with that dollar store scholarship'
'Last time i mentioned the virgin mary diego kicked me that was pretty funny'
'I am jesus and jaelynn is the virgin mary'
'I destroyed all of diegos trust in me for this fucking joke'
'seniors in paris'
'>fellas in paris 
>seniors on campus'
'just refound this masterpeice of a picture'
'jooncoin'
'way of the househusband'
'a guy was about to get into a fight and hes like "wait hold on i need to google something" and he tries to google "how to fight multiple people" and i laughed'
'its up 100% since you made your wallet'
'bro i was in the middle of a call and i look to the window and my dad is literally on the other side just staring through'
'when the pussy is powerful'
'why is the first thing i read jaelynn mommy milkers'
'Jaelynn mommy milkers'
'Hot pussy girl diamond pussy shit'
'Petite breedable kevin'
'Imagine a tiny kevin.'
'Party in kevins pussy'
'Catch this seed and bear our children'
'Unspeakable acts'
'You can't. He is my mom'
'He said. "I will give you cunnilingus. On vape"'
'I mean shut the fuck up and lick this clit @Jaelynn Abdullah'
'Period ahhhh'
'I'm a hot girl so I make them sweat'
'Pussy wet diamonds on my neck'
'I kinda wanna learn japanese but i dont want to lose the ounce of self respect i have'
'bruhstagram'
'AHHHHHHHHH bingus.'
'imsa /o/ forums'
'borat Snyder cut'
'I had a dream last night where there was a political uprising on the streets as we were walking to a graduation banquet and shae ran ahead with a pistol i gave her to prank us into thinking she shot herself'
'I'm thinking about how one time my dad said we were related to andrew jackson and I was like "woah cool" but then I found out about andrew jackson and i was like "man"'
'you think we'd actually vote in a fully black president'
'McDool'
'O'Dool'
'sues imsa like a boss'
'They'
'I was disassociating'
'Guess you arent black enough to know alana'
'hes not doing damage control hes doubling down'
'diego did not make the cut'
'>story i didnt read in diglit
>first person to be randomly chosen to talk about it'
'you guys are funny'
'but dooley is a crusty game boy'
''
'our diffeq problem set question was literally among us'
'sureeee'
'i made a new reddit to do funny on, and reddit automatically subscribed me to r/zootopia'
'Unspeakable acts at the junior U bench'
'this one time in second grade my brother dared my to kick him in the balls, and he did. cop was driving by, and stopped to get mad at us'
'Are we just gonna review people now'
'I think we should have a house party'
'i have gf why is she not in my bed giving me cuddles rn that i desperately need ro survive'
'in 3 years i will bring up these messages and you will die from cringe'
'I think this will be me'
'fuck you'
'I just hward an unironic "my name is jeff" vome from my fathers room'
'i think we need anti racism training'
'unit of measure for racism = 1 joon'
'hotel'
'That will be a job for 1am alana sorry boss'
'ok but krystian just massively trolled him'
'0! is 1'
'Respect for Raman: 0!'
'However I do not know of this yayjune you speak of'
'No I'm just interested as to how much it has spread'
'I don't know what exactly is going through his head'
'What'
'now i cant say am*** u* anymore'
'"dudes who dont shower like chas, jackson, and peter are on that gc"'
'sad spunchbob'
'They said Jackson doesnt shower'
'yes! come enjoy some corn syrup as we discuss how much we love the un and titan crew'
'#yaejooniscanceledparty'
'doing tamil new year things rn and prayer video was inttruped by a prageru ad talking about how christianity is awesome'
'at least you know theyre supportive'
'"son, I found you a husband. I was watching this video about uiuc and one of the guys in it is definitely also a gay man."'
'Brett you are being taken advantage of'
'Funnyardly'
'dude even Peter is like dude you need to stop'
'what is this man on'
'this is where yaejoon is living atm'
'at this point you all owe me 100 gecs'
'making lesson plans'
'where will you groom minors now'
'Can you please just be asexual'
'HOW DO YOU FUCK UP A PAINT JOB THAT BADLY'
'This is still me'
'ok time to relearn math startinf from the beginning of the semester'
'venting sussy skeld'
'down bad? ratio sis.'
'I don't care'
'yaejoon and insanity linked up need it or keep it'
'yeah hes like a completely different person since the funny moment'
'Yeah he was way different before the incident'
'thats a good muse song'
'so you were on a run and you saw a shirt so stupid you tumbled over and had an asthma attack'
'1984'
'in contrast to corpse husband'
'>he doesnt know'
':)'
'listens to bladee in the Miata'
'fuck you'
'hey kevin you should listen to "I Am Glad, Cause I'm Finally Returning Back Home"'
'slint guitarist after figuring out harmonics exist'
'>sneeding'
'therapy speedrun any%'
'IMSA is the fast track to needing therapy'
'math and science academy more like dumb and stupid poopdemy i dont need to know how to count'
'my zoom profile picture is balloony and i dont know how to get rid of it'
'oh no'
'I had a dream me and jackson were watching a comedy movie about prostitutes and like one of the services was like theyll just pick up medicine for you and we were like this

J "why would they do that thats kind of stupid"
" well like this movie is before drop off apps or ubereats so its probably like what if youre really fucked and cannot go to. An drug store
J "an drug store"
I laugh
then we went to subway and jackson got mashed potatoes and extra tater tots'
'my 4 year old sister called me a poo-pop head'
'>wake up
>time to code!'
'"kid named my dog:"'
'No. We won't be able to make 'doing your mom jokes' directed towards chas'
'and gandalf the grey and gandalf the white and monty python and the holy hrails black knight and benito mussolini and the blue genie and cowboy curtis and john beacinni. The robocop captain kirk darth vader lo pan superman every single power ranger, bill s preston and theodore logan, spock, the rock, doc ock and hulk hogan'
'what if they detect you schlonking estrogen'
'>if'
'i havent heard back from the place im trying to get a job when i was told on friday i would get an email soon and im thinking my email profile picture being balloony might not be the best impression of me'
'Shlonking Semen'
'gang trans juice'
'Maybe after brett and yaejoon chat'
'No'
'does anyone want to have a serious sitdown with yaejoon'
'Me when I illegally print my own money'
'"chile just lemme put this into symbolab real quick" - @Diego Lichel'
'just a pedo game i think idk'
'i pledge my life for sadam hussian'
'much against austin's dream'
'Hosted by WNC at imsa'
'>jaelynn eats peanut butter
>does drag bingo night

jaelynn are you trying to tell us something'
'bro skip that shit just do gay orgy night at yare'
'We just watch drive every meeting'
'jaelynn and diego as heads'
'yeah fuck it start a wignat club'
'President is Diego Michel the non mexican straight male'
'like for one of their event it was literally "meet Irish business man"'
'typical liberal, constantly moving the goalposts'
'Eysturlid said "if the soviets launched nukes at new york and chicago it would be bad for the economy"'
'>dad tells me to get a car wash
>currently have $0.58 in my account'
'big cuuhus: ayo we finna pop some titty pills and run up on some fools tonight'
'diego is torielsexual'
'viva cristo rey'
'awesome'
'why do the gayest people all have girlfriends'
'you think just cause im bi i dont hate all of you with every bone in my body'
'Insert that anthropomorphized baseball'
'what deep pocket of hell do you have to be to think of this'
'explains why i have a vagina now ig'
'schengen agreement more like genshin agreement'
'takes steroids. Dies'
'I HATE SODEXO I HATE SODEXO I HATE SODEXO'
'transitioning from male to alpha male'
'might just start schlonking testosterone'
'what is this chat'
'has considered'
'you will die'
'i will be the jesus of testosterone. Let me bear the weight of your testosterone, lay it upon me'
'this is the reason why girls dont have blood'
'youd have no testosterone jaelynn youd have fight club tits'
'Diego really committing to not being autistic'
'pretty sure they are'
'ok i see the horseshoe now'
'this is like horseshoe theory but with bretts'
'its called barbie doll anatomy okay noted'
'how can both bretts have such incredibly bad takes'
'oh my god.'
'are you kidding me'
'Have him scan at medbay. We need to know if hes imposter'
'Yes yaejoon ends all harassment by arming women yess'
'my god you really are a redditor'
'Catch this Meat is Murder'
'he caught the morrissey'
'hows this for fucking itnernet issues you fucking shit ass school'
'we've got you surrounded!
come and socialize in an equitable manner!'
'I return from my peaceful walk and what do I see?
7 dms about yaejoon looking at me...'
'i cant beleive jesus was an incel woodworker'
'We are out of TP.'
'I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW I HATE TITAN CREW'
'gonna take a fat shit instead of going to Titan crew'
'Yaejoon is like "work out so I don't harass you"'
'I HATE TITAN CREW! I HATE TITAN CREW!'
'Is about to block yaejoon'
'mr craps be Like'
'shut the fuck up just put a strapon on'
'jackson goes to japan. brings back trad asian wife'
'"We are not getting the osu canopy austin how the fuck are you gonna bring it back"'
'"no we cannot go to the pokemon center and buy several vaporeon plushies"'
'diego wasnt gonna bring me as his +1 anyway hed be like "no we cannot go the osu store"'
'Diego just ruled out several people from being his plus one'
'corey taylor series'
'>be me
>imposter from the hit game among us'
'all of the lights'
''
'You are illuminati freemason'
'wanna do my adpro hw'
'I have decided to stop reading angry birds lore'
'Sounds extremely homophilic'
'Austin upon stepping into a miata'
'I fell asleep fucking shaking and I dreampt about my dad emotionally abusing me only to wake up disoriented and sore and fall back asleep and dream of my mom doing the same thing'
'He literally asked you dumbass'
'Youre a fucking disgusting pervert.'
'so true'
'cause you're a mentally disabled prude brett'
'oh my god stick a cock in your ass and die you fucking white ass bitch'
'yaejoon is that one african news reporter'
'the reason is tom holland'
'im fucking retarded'
'suddenly this is a good joke'
'I looked back at my American history notes and they are so evil'
'"I thought that was just between us man"'
'feel like devon
wanna date kevin 
guzzle his cum
oh this must be heaven'
'Twink gone wild'
'this guy hosting this internship keeps saying "IM MOONING IM MOONING IM MOONING"'
'that is indeed my ass'
'cook that shit up quay
quay:'
'I am currently cooking that shit up'
'him'
'the cum chicken with the semen lo mein'
'HALO 5 WAS GOOD'
'This one is me'
'my man lied to my face'
'Remember when I was new rodrick'
'on mariam bro i think u right'
'you want me to start saying on mariam'
'COLE EVANS HAS JOINED THE CANTON HS ANIME CLUB'
'Ill pay you 8/hr to give me mouth to mouth '
'i am commenting on a fucking arby's ad'
'i feel bad for laughing at these memes but they're so funny'
'Kevin when he sees a dude with a comically similar name as him'
'finalist in national funnysecurity scholarship'
'i dont remember this but i can understand why you would take it the wrong way'
'You see i would be kevinphobic but im not afraid of kevin'
'I am no longer homophobic I am now specifically kevinphobic'
'Kevin literally likes la la land'
'thats entirely unrelated'
'Kevin is scientific proof rgb turns you gay'
'half of you for my survey wrote this'
'man what an end to this week'
'i may or may not have said kevin is confirmed gay shoot your shot'
'@Austin McDonald caught in literal 4k'
'austin'
'who the fuck told peter'
'im still fuckign homophobic'
'Wait i thought kevin was suppksed to be the homophobic one great whos the new homophobe'
'i am gay actually'
'i am also bi.'
'HAHAHAHHA OK WAIT KEVIN X DEVIN THAT SOUNDS LITERALLY COMICAL'
'I remember one time he said h was gonna hit on Peter's brother'
'motherfucker do you not remember when i said tom holland was hot'
'hold on ok ok hold on. do not harass mr cordero for his sexuality'
'If this is a girlboss gaslight'
'FORESHADOWING'
'i think we are one step closer to having an all male orgy'
'choke me like you hate me 
Lowkey wanna date me when you fuck me'
'wow. kevin likes balls in his mouth.'
'you know that im actually fucking bi right'
'two dogs in the house'
'a loving environment aka the ballsack lmao'
'i never said i wasnt fucked but you dont need to love your parents to respect them'
'"my parents are getting back together it sucks"'
'shut the fuck up lmao'
'Hot girl shit'
'titan crew first semester'
'i think among us is the cure to evyerhting'
'Big pharma'
'Oxymoron!'
'kevin when are you getting a gf'
'I need to watch black lagoon'
'and its vaporeon on one end gardevoir on the other'
'funny like you hate me when you troll me'
'finally'
'literally me'
'canc her, i barely know her'
'simply a boy boss in his element'
'I may be. A little autistic'
'pee nut butt her'
'if brett asks you diego you lost'
'@Chas Schreiber we gotta dig him up and play crunk aint dead'
'I found out because a discord user named "oppa tranny style" announced it to the Maoist discord first thing in the morning'
'I wonder how yaejoon is doing rn'
'Decides to be schizophrenic to troll chas'
'You have no idea what being in a car with austin is like'
'actual q anon reference'
'i have no clue'
'Me as an animal'
'cant wait until u yell at a dog for not wearing pants'
'maybe if prince phillip stanned loona'
'its like those nokia arab ringtone memes but unironically'
'yeah Kearney said we would be playing a game that required phones and I got really scared he was about to play among us'
'Look hes horny'
'man i really learned that prince phillip died from r/playboicarti'
'Yaejoon do you cum unironically'
'(((roneurism)))'
'Ad retardatum'
'diego is currently the minecraft screaming russian kid'
'ohh boohoo some people couldnt handle what i plan to do with my bot'
'Since yo mama grew balls'
'are you over 18?
immediately clicks away'
'one winged angel for me'
'yaejoon it might not be illegal but if thats how low you set the bar you need to rethink your priorities'
'he dmed me all women should be executed and then an hour later goodbye jay'
'man got salty enough to post "the best day ever" right after on isma music'
'i just yelled as the ceo of sex i declare you a virgin to a soph and josiah was just staring at me rehung not to laugh'
'At least peter Leahy didnt jerk off to a photo of you giving a middle finger sitting down in the grass'
'bro she shot her shot again on your propic'
'it was something like grant kept all of us like 20 people in the rc office until we said what it was'
'sometimes aabshar would chase you completely naked across the bridge'
'Maybe he 3d printed a fuck mat'
'i like how we use jewish dogwhistles regularly and we're just cool with it'
'Nat and emma had the xander and Ken cum room'
'Xander wells please report to the 1504 rc office'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah remember when matt haliman set off the alarm as soon as rafa armed it'
'Oh my fucking god I forgot I had Vegas pro installed on my ssd'
'You should see what she says on isma lesbians'
'Genesis 1:1'
'"Brett Looby created the group chat"'
'i look like that'
'austin you have a son?'
'why do you keep talking'
'Honestly if I was your father I would be disappointed too. Like generally there's not a lot of things to be disappointed in you for but this. This just takes the cake'
'This is it. My peak'
'@Jay Ganesan said at 4/8/2021, 11:11:20 PM: 

https://media.tenor.co/videos/6726f7c527c1a897e195a056c0e63d3b/mp4'
'listen yaejoon those are fat fucking bojungles in my goddamn face that is nsfw'
'one of my friends sent the white woman spotted greenest to the group chat'
'sounds like something you would say after you throw a tricycle in the air'
'imsa firearms and undertale club'
'Fuck it Im just becoming a book fan videos games suck'
'1. kevin cant get
2. bitches'
'Yooooooo'
'I (Corpse Husband) also predicted this'
'I (qanon) predicted this...'
'Who is admin?'
'Fuck you let me add my bots in using not node js'
'alana really out here enforcing slurs'
'the only reason i wanted to be admin was to kick diego every once in a while'
'Gaslighting girl boss goes to time out'
'Im dating your mom brett'
'i do not kill minorities'
'Just shaved my side burns. That shit was ugly on vape'
'So false'
'shut the fuck up Cole'
'1984. big chungus is watching you'
'mail bombing mail bombing mail bombing'
'wait i thought that said elmer whoops'
'Theyfound out he was a roneurist.... It all makes sense now'
'Yeah its called Look at Me!'
'this song is currently being held at a psychiatric hospital'
'whats so funny mister?'
'This song chokes me like it wants to fuck me'
'this song tommy meyers'
'This song commits insider trading'
'This song would be good for the economy'
'this song passes the boof'
'This song pays off my student loans'
'this song tucks me into bed and kisses my forehead after reading me a bedtime story'
'this song is ohio'
'this song grubs'
'this song whores'
'this song takes me to chicago'
'this song gives me deep dish pizza'
'This song gently caresses my head and gives me quiet affirmation'
'this song gives me reacts please'
'this song is snacking'
'this song really debugs my code'
'this song commits hate crimes'
'This song gives me head'
'this song diversifies my portfolio'
'this song HATES THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE I HATE I HATE'
'This song masturbates'
'this song vents'
'this song creams'
'This song does not partake in any sexual activity'
'this song licks my eyeball'
'the sweden gambit'
'Arson?

Oh! You mean griefing *troll face*'
'WOOOOOO'
'@Brett Looby said at 4/8/2021, 11:55:57 AM: 

https://youtu.be/tYVabu1fUCw'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah said at 4/8/2021, 11:31:41 AM: 

https://scontent.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.15752-0/p403x403/160218185_272637874396069_7507510343712950191_n.jpg?_nc_cat=106&ccb=1-3&_nc_sid=f79d6e&_nc_ohc=JIOVIwaatZsAX-ml9HO&_nc_ad=z-m&_nc_cid=0&_nc_ht=scontent.xx&tp=6&oh=7f7aca404eee737f7ce68352e34bc1ea&oe=60940609'
'im going to fucking kill myself'
'listen to me jesus you must wander the desert for 40 days and 40 nights'
'I'm gonna kill myself.'
'An Armenian poem'
'Smoothbrain is done.'
'@Diego Lichel said at 4/7/2021, 11:25:23 PM: 



[object Object]'
'what if i titled mine I Hate the Antichrist'
'Roneurism: the god complex i developed after making a roblox game'
'Call it this'
'yaejoon what the fuck'
'Diego you are speaking at graduation'
'brett please make a seniors speaks article on roneruism'
'@Austin McDonald is that supposed to represent an empty bowl after you spit out all the cereal'
'@Jay Ganesan said at 4/7/2021, 10:42:19 PM: 

if i reveal this text hypothetically and it hypothetically said among us i think it would be really funny'
'On vape bro'
'Close enough to tongue that SUVs tail pipe'
'like this was litteraly my face watching this'
'me when i abandon the school im supposed to be leading in the middle of a pandemic'
'"It's Big Chunus, not even Big Chungus, and something about the airpod shotty, but I remember the end being fake baby yodad"'
'I remember Jackson having to describe this image to me in galloping ghosts arcade'
'Gwussy'
'Fake baby yodas:'
'saying n word at the sex vestibule'
'me coming out of the shadows in 2073 to finally drop bingus my beloved'
'Why does austin look like he's gonna start flossing in this pic'
'can someone photoshop the kline crate photo of me to have shorts on instead of miniskirt so i can make it into propic'
'Yaejoon what is ypur opinion on Loona pussy'
'i believe i have caught the loveless'
'yes japan is well known for their diversity'
'butterfly doors are Qicide'
'Ok so I realized something. We have given more attention to corpse over the last few days than like the average teenager.'
'Oh my god I forgot about this'
'today i will troll the city by putting back pain medication on the lowest shelves'
'Great america demon is the swans coaster'
'theyre gonna give $2.5k scholarship to like 600 people so good chance that i get that methinks'
'@FaZe Starship Spacesimp (SS) you lost all authority to question brett about his skirt the moment you posted this'
'imsa instantly becomes the highest ranked high school in the world in every metric'
'i heard the president is stepping down?
fear not everyone. i will step forward'
'i have cooked that shit up'
'It's crazy what happened to imsa in just a few days'
'Austin just said "I will perform cunnilingus on you. On vape (short for vaporeon)"'
'>doing club chartering
>first club i have to grade is imsa christian alliance'
'i am not showering after yaejoon btw'
'had to whip out the old sketchbook to show my distraught'
'My new pfp'
'not enough glass or hardwood'
'This is the worst thing you've said all month'
'might become a cia agent so I can browse pol for a living'
'thank you official Mack rides manufacturing Instagram account'
'Me when they hit me with that dollar store pepper spray [the spray is actually quite effective]'
'Jackson upon hearing his dog looks like that [his dog do]'
'Kevin after I gave sex with him (he is gay)'
'What in the Lords name?'
'Who are you to judge thy neighbor?'
'your god will forgive my epic noob stomping as long as I join his clan before I die'
'mad cause bad'
'I sin to give jesus life purpose'
'What are you guys talking about on THE DAY OF THE LORD ALMIGHTY WHO HAS RISEN'
'new kline picture'
'brett you're probably like 6'2 and 160 something pounds there's nothing to present'
'but i want to wear my miniskirt'
'i will bring the emp'
'Our best bet is if we are as subtle and chill as possible. We need to protest like the dude would protest'
'lol imagine if you downloaded that one spying app they tried to get us to use sophmore year and they saw that you were on campus during occupy imsa'
'Opposite of antiquiz'
'Oh my god realizes my dad went to a football watching party'
'maybe for your blonde ass but my superior asian genes has blessed me with perfect hair'
'haha this fool plans out his day before the day that it occurs'
'because the tooth fairy is a class traitor'
'not in my heart'
'why would you use public transport when you can drive'
'that just guarantees your future employment'
'I want to have a nice meal.'
'Why do you keep asking'
'That was the name of my Wii sona in 1920 until I changed it to dankman'
'No we just all want big booty bitches'
'Admin rn'
'Step up to the playing table champ...'
'Big booty bitches'
'I wonder how admin feels getting sued 3 times at once'
'Okay, so you know how admin likes to pull the unsdgs out of their asses? Well we could just say we are striving towards the "peace, justice, and strong institutions" one and the "quality education" one.'
'You look like someone shoved a lemon down your throat lol'
'ok turned my grandparents on to daft punk'
'so apparently imsa lost a case at one point bc sodexo was committing fraud back in 2018 lmao'
'going insane? that must mean that your shadow was killed!! (this is a pesrsona 5 reference)'
'"This place once had color"'
'"Desolate Boarding School Remains"'
'ok we are no longer jumping off a burning ship we are jumping off an exploding one'
'I was just like. Yeah I wasn't planning on it'
'My mom  was like. You aren't going to school on Tuesday'
'on god's name i saw him walk out with his license'
'dude im ngl the person before me when i got mine drove over a curve and rear ended another car.'
'Listen to me dylan. You must wait in the line for 2 hours outside in the cold only for your liscense application to be utterly rejected and the fruits of your labour be just out of your grasp'
'next thing you know we have titan crew every day to "promote courageous discussion"'
'admin is gaslighting and gatekeeping but they are never going to be girlbossing'
'oh tony'
'i cannot go to the lichel lounge'
'This was gonna be prom.  But...'
'oh and IMSA harem'
'no cishets allowed at the commune'
'straight'
'ever since the guacamole incident imsa hasnt been the same'
'i mean getting away from parents was one thing'
'I cant wait for this incident to be featured in a prageru video on how academia is just cancel culture'
'ok but austins making a complaint email not doxxing a billionaire pedophile'
'For bonus points we can make a giant sign that says occupy imsa'
'React to this message if you do NOT have a ride'
'ok whatever react to this message if your parents will let you stay at someone elses house from Sunday night to Wednesday morning'
'Lmao yall salty'
'edit it'
'my roflcopter goes sob sob sob.'
'Is arson in the agenda?'
'My dad has been playing credance clearwater revival for the past 2.5 hours.'
'Me when I see a post that says Kevin cordero hentai on next slide but then I see the April fools got you video'
'fucking 5d chess ai is breaking my balls'
'love those fake twitter accounts that are like "yes i am a real amazon worker and i think we dont need a union"'
'imagine diego just sending them back r34'
'everytime i close my eyes i see chessboards and arrows'
'why is my grandfather talking about how awesome miatas are'
'Youre too late'
'might cop'
'Where we dropping'
'what an awful downfall'
'i like how you just say "make shit" for java'
'fancy'
'i got japered.'
'april fools'
'Makes a giant penis before getting stuck'
'Shes saying "who are you" in a cute female tone'
'It's sm-'
'imsa pool'
'yes and i will destroy all the walls i will make imsa open concept'
'all white, dark laminate floors and cubes for chairs'
'at this point we should just put kevin in charge of interior design'
'illinois theology and spirituality acadamey'
'God I really hate you rn'
'Nate is Juno and Peter is Louis but worse'
'actually only nate tamez would get that reference...'
'Wtf kevin likes romance? Gay!'
'ik those but im just watching romance movies rn'
'There is a meme to be made of this situation, but don't have access to my computer at the moment'
'Dude fucking. The person who was gonna be the manager for tonight literally just quit right before our shift today.'
'Austin is not on pol rn. Hes on a gay person's penis.'
'I will not mention led zeppelin. I will not mention led zeppelin'
'Source: Twitter

Opiniom discarded'
'Me when I sleep'
'why would you think that [nameOfSender]?'
'I like how some of them just abruptly end while she is still singing'
'.Fuck it listens to Emily montes self titled'
'He looks like the hiker wojak'
'theyre all in the globohomo soulless art style'
'ik glad im living with sociopaths they were funny at least'
'200 service hours is easy if you have no morals'
'For me the worst part is 200 service hours'
'Imsa died with class of 2019'
'I have no idea what ur talking about'
'01 is scp foundation'
'so true...'
'we must orbit diego so noone can go within 12 feet of him'
'oh hey i can edit it to look like they put up a mural of kevin'
'I have pre ordered loveless.'
'so youre telling me a barb wired this fence'
'i dreampt in minecraft'
'what the hell would brett sell, Estrogen?'
'Me after flipping a coin to decide whether to gang stalk jackson or diego and it lands on diego'
'Me when kevin cooks for us on summer camp out'
'quaking quay cook that shit up quay'
'Googled chun li fortnite'
'jay on fnaf mode'
'DABABe'
'does revy, the person brett johnson likes, count as a girlboss'
'ah.'
'ok my dad just said spielen jaaaa and my mind went fuzzy and i fell over'
'predictive programming'
'Upgrades to the whip'
'ok stewie griffin came in clutch'
'Black people at the music party'
'white people at the Tupperware party'
'i have to replace my headphone cushions and the only tutorial is one thats entirely in a stewie griffin voice'
'i am zack snyder'
'replace free smoke with loveless vinyls'
'Whos steve jobs'
'under dababy'
'modern day ted j Kaczynski sending people vaporeon plushes'
'Human rights were made up by the UN to sell more israel'
'little dark age plays as we flip through diego's list of what he constitutes as furry'
'darwin is black right'
'turns into lil nas x'
'please. please. please.'
'No you dont'
'ok I now have to do taxes'
'is this free reign or'
'i feel that the concentration of white people in an area exponentially increases when you enter a menards'
'I didnt know you were flying for southwest'
'>woke up at 3:36
>Has work at five.'
'"i enjoy the plot"'
'Yoo redact like SCP??'
'Based attack'
'Thats equivalent to a terrorist attack'
'troll The Man'
'The powerpuff girl irls'
'me after kevin enacts chas erasure'
'Hmm today i will participate in Chas-erasure'
'im just vibin in the ritz car'
'thank you UIC'
'yeah ik im drowning in pussy'
'I am gonna have to. Talk to financial aid counselours.'
'diego ill buy you your first pair of CMU thigh highs'
'jesus semen'
'instead of blood its just some random sauce'
'no bc i am swag'
'Its like watching the eva scenes where they just stare at each other but its every time someone speaks'
'What happens if you change the j in your name to qu'
'i have an extreme urge to cook that shit up'
'i am shining a flashlight on the roof of my mouth'
'I don't even want to know what the fuck this means'
'chas off the loop rn'
'Very fucking funny Amazon'
'Google looking at me search "aggretsuko inui" then immediately after search "abu bakr al Baghdadi"'
'What would u be like if me and my gf walked towards you holding hands'
'Imagine if dill pickle was called dylan pickle that would be funny'
'its because he is a ruthless cold blooded individual'
'Accidentally opened alex waggoners facebook profile'
'https://youtu.be/UOdLFprcS6g'
'im at michaels and i thought i was alone and i started singing "one bad gloop and she do what i yoinky three gloops and she do what i splurgy" and i was not alone people stared'
'DaBaobab'
'i take that back'
'we must eradicate milf and yiddies from diego's vocabulary before he starts exploring uncharted territory'
'ratio down bad? genshin impact sussy gorilla grip.'
'Listen. Succubi can transform into any form that the victim finds desirable. Meaning I can have sex with chas'
'You would be on the floor in 2 seconds'
'Luke 10:18. He replied, I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven.'
'one tug and hes gone'
'Dude im saking wtf when i applied i didnt expect to get in'
'I got in'
'Shaggy really be out here saying fuckin Zoinks'
'I genuinely thought you were describing Quay here. Like it was some sort of Quay joke that just explains what he is doing'
'Keep on rocking in the free world'
'i think on the last day of class i am going to post thanos car on the meme page'
'im sending a package bomb and im filing a sexual assault lawsuit'
'There is this one song by pavement that has the word quay and it's the funniest thing.'
'have you heard of the fucking girl who literally cured her cancer when she fell out of a tree'
'just have a fan that blows cocaine into the ring'
'um i don't think klaybis is going to get whoever he was chasing regardless of his obsession levels'
'sorry the crewmate cant come to the phone right now. why? cause hes dead!'
'i think we need to replace his diet with crushed estrogen pills'
'sigma male'
'thank you paul for dropping right before housing contract, i had to go to the goddamn singles soiree'
'shit that was me after i met chas /s'
'I was more meaning I think being happy with yourself is important before other people can be happy with you'
'imposters go to mars to get behind bars'
'You stalked her klaybis
"Barely bro, barely"'
'Staged. A fake. Quay was not cooking that shit up'
'minion'
'i submitted a clip of me playing an etude on sax for an assignment but I forgot to cut out the part where I say end my misery whoops'
'sitting in diffeq and i can only think of hte massive shit i need to take rn'
'i thought you were ming for like 3 seconds'
'appeal to emotions'
'literally 1843'
'Adding a bot is already abnormal'
'I think my girl a juggalo she got that insane clown pussy'
'I am printing'
'Literally only one guy'
'less goo'
'in case you dont know there is a cargo ship that got lodged in the Suez Canal blocking all ships from passing through. 40% of European trade passes through the canal, and the estimated loss from this is 1.2 billion every hour'
'Im gonna have to give like a good half of you a hug because i dont think youve human interacted in forever'
'TF2 players when they are drafted to fight in a war and get instantly headshotted by 3 enemy snipers named RENT BOTS GET IMMUNITY'
'i said among us to the imposter and he was like "less gooo"'
'Feels more evil.'
'wungus'
'no women allowed either'
''
''
'Jay jaelynn and johnson'
'mfw text adventure takes up half of system resources'
'Make a text based game and code it like Diego'
'im going to make a unity based game for next year'
'schlonk you fish oil.... yesss....'
'{
  "type": "message",
  "senderID": "100016506669778",
  "body": "tfw no life",
  "threadID": "2401681243197992",
  "messageID": "mid.$gAAiIUP1dUih-mtilwF4aZNcy49u3",
  "attachments": [],
  "mentions": {},
  "timestamp": "1616678968768",
  "isGroup": true
}'
'You know maybe it's a good thing hall hopping won't be allowed. That way people don't come into our wing and hear three dudes blasting mf cocteau twins'
'Thats fucking stupid'
'where is sciencezilla'
'I need to procrastinate now!'
'Hey renamon. You smell that?'
'You don't have to worry as long as you don't say anything stupid'
'why are the horniest people here the ones who have girlfriends'
'Uh, hello?'
'id rather see Ronald Reagen in heaven than your sorry ass'
'times like this makes me wish i could beat the shit out of you in person'
'they cannot possibly be making milfs out of nothing that violates the law of conservation of mass'
'bitches be plix o plexing mf devious af yknow what im saying being underhanded adding yiddies o tiddies up in here saying long cons n sweet cons and nickynames with a side of deviance to it be.'
'we will make austin commit a false flag terror attack and we (minorities with guns) will stop him and gain political clout'
'New public void minecraft;'
'yanderedev type beat'
'Wes'
'this is why i dont wake up early'
'Bars!'
'yaejoon, im lonely and i want to die; you're horny and you want to kill. big difference'
'So much for being emo'
''
'Me when my diglit project doesnt compile 2000 lines of code in 1 second'
'i am debugging'
'when the imsa founder gets used for reddit karma'
'Booze Cruise time'
'Its like how long you can dylan for money challenge'
'I just think whatd the opposite of what gang_alcahol_on_ig would do and its eady'
'Lmao role play before sex'
'Student watches PORN and gets NAKED'
'shitttt butter me up in that shit'
'i would love to be blasted with chic fil a sauce'
'I took a nap and had a dream where everything was the same except my dad listened to bladee'
'my bitch'
'why would i watch porn when i can do your mom anytime'
'oh no my sexerino'
'.       ..
..      ._'
'no it's not it's gross
IT KEEPS THE PEOPLE GOING'
'imagine the geometry'
'my mom fucking said "she put gorilla glue on her pussy" as i joined my math class'
'I want yall to stop calling me a furry when yall got this shit'
'ITS NOT EVEN A PERSON'
'id like to congratulate you on your first structured joke in maybe 2 weeks'
'0 days.'
'Ligma Male and Sugma Male'
'dude fucking someone said girlboss at work today and i freaked out bc i forgot that was something people say outside our friend group'
'Your movie was ass'
'I made the Bingus face at my sister and she slapped me'
'You should become a politician'
'A fucking ad'
'the oldest photo i have is me crying'
'My sister just threw an empty can of soda on the ground and said pick up that can and I had a seizure'
'2016 Michael phelps meme react.'
'Methinks i should get a genital piercing'
'just made swagghetti and memeballs'
'everyone should have equal access to grooming in the scouts'
'The crewmates'
'When kearney asks how much a dollar costs'
'why are you clashing red and green'
'i tried to do colours for art and design'
'Azure lain'
'i cant believe you're cheating on your dnd girl'
'Fuck you I laughed'
'Jackson forms a harem with steak and shake girls'
'And like honest to God. I didn't know how much I needed that. Like just something so simple like. To know someone was there and knew that it was tough'
'I suggest getting hit by a truck'
'I had a dream i was in one of Wille's classes and she was critisizing another teacher for talking about the Jewish Question'
'That sounds like a fucking anime thing lmao'
'yeah he gonna be the seargent guy'
'Decides to listen to the weezer blue album'
'he told us in a fucking checkin with radrigo'
'I think i accidently joined a maoist discord why is everyone here communist and speaking chinese and using words like "dengist" "'
'there's a chas in this group chat. what a coincidence lol, too bad he's happily married'
'you might have gotten used to it by living with him, but diego looks like a skinny greasy haired pale nerdy incel'
'people around me when i go anywhere'
'me'
'no then you'd @ someone at like 4am'
'will remind Austin McDonald in 1892160000000000 milliseconds'
'joe biden fell three times going up the stairs.... jesus fell three times while carrying the cross....'
'Brett sends messages formatted the same way as trump tweets'
'oh god brett its a pda'
'Pda: pedophilic, dangerous acts'
'For some reason the side cooks girlfriend was just hanging out in the back all day flirting with him'
'No but he sounds like a dickweed'
'gasslight, gatekeep, girlboss, glee'
'e***m b***m'
'Hmm today I will shit on nonbindary people'
'bruh sound effect 4'
'we had to do this'
'me when I get invited to Panda Express team building event'
'I JUST SERVED FUXKING OMAR'
'Honestly I wish so bad it changed my gender straight up'
'eyepatches are fucking stupid'
'Eyepatch based?'
'Brett, I must tell you, I only wish he was fictional'
'ayo the pizza here'
'And then i strangle him to death'
'0'
'the gods of rng have blessed me with not needing braces'
'they will not bc the senior class is only composed of 20 people'
'maybe they get kanye or something idk'
'You are literally Q, they got the wrong person'
'I had bitches callin me Q on roblox in 2008'
'my username on the internet before fishcake used to be q12344331089'
'i do think it is funny that the funny letter that we chose became THE funny letter out of pure coincidence'
'ayo the pizza here whoa funny brrrr and it go fart fart fart get wifi anywhere you go'
'call shawty on the doppio phone'
'just don't fail'
'can't be sexist'
'Same'
'females make me uncomfortable'
'Turning everyone into catgirls is a necessary phase of any state's existence. Rome fell because there weren't enough catgirls'
'I want five dicks.'
'yes... sex is good. you must have sex. Trust in humanity abandon robots'
'i have decided to abandon roneursm. I am now anti roneurist.'
'Me when brett looby removes the part of the brain that says when to drink water and he fucking dries out like a prune and i laugh cause he kind of looks like the fella dylan'
'thinking about the time at diegos house we joined random danganronpa roleplay voice chats and roleplayed as the Ultimate Band Kid'
'not everyone can be the hero'
'prog'
'The best DAW.'
'i'm going to hell anyways'
'I know the word bruh and drip'
'Diego starting the no fap challenge dont temp him '
'communism is when the government doesnt let you piss'
'Im out'
'https://youtu.be/p52jilbP4e4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p52jilbP4e4'
'that post nut clarity hit different'
'Fucking called it'
'you wanna see this crazy relatable comic i found that i think really describes this political atmosphere?'
'i am debugging.'
'https://www.reddit.com/r/tooktoomuch/comments/m4mom0/4_gel_tabs_and_some_dmt_down_the_hatch/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf'
'$19 fortnite card'
'qoomers on suicide watch'
'how are you texting us rn'
'Yaejoon is failing all of his classes right now'
'do the yaejoon'
'Chas will be just as misogynistic as he pleases.'
'Diego in 1 year'
'Think I threw out my tin t2 earbuds by accident'
'The little jewish boy and his 3 lesbian moms'
'No one would say this if they were mentally fit'
'this is genuinly the first time i have witnessed homophobia at imsa.'
'i trust them to be consistently autistic'
'He looks like the among us dog'
'Remember when klaybis got a tier 2 because bethesda emailed imsa telling them he pirated fallout 3'
'kinda wanna get a phd or something so people call me dr but also that takes time and i have to go to school and i dont wanna go to school'
'Phillip defranco after I run him over with a snow mobile'
'???'
'This is like the wake up liberal. I made you eggs and breakfast. I love you'
'You wanna repeat that?'
'His name sounds like among us'
'its ok ming'
'thank fuck its friday'
'if you say mention trans people and chungus in the same sentence im going to beat you to death'
'how it feels to be a roneurist in 2020'
'Neither males nor females are aesthetically attractive'
'Oops my finger slipped and I accidentally hit the leave chat button'
'<spies in disguise gif>'
'We did it. But at what cost?'
'Realizes junior U will no longer be the sex zone'
'Hed walk in and see you and like leave in the most awkward and peter way.'
'I hope austin gives me the work bed, not the hoes bed'
'One for work and one for the hoes i guess'
'Watch chas get meated.'
'it said he was mixed which was really funny'
'I SOLD AMC LITERALLY 3  FUCKING DAYS AGO NOW ITS UP 50%'
'no brett is just scared of woman'
'@Austin McDonald why are you acting like its 3 am man its not even noon'
'He need some cum'
'literal 1984'
'The only fun games are Gex and battlefront 2 I have deduced'
'Shut the fuck up'
'Yeah we should play nekopara'
'yeah kotlarczkkykz was like "we are doing nothing with this" so i froze it in a block of ice'
'Her mans been gone. For nigh on a year'
'my girlfriend when i called her "mommy" in the Digital Literary Studies breakout room approximently 1 month, 8 days ago'
'diego are you going to ask ur parents for $250 or something'
'sleep is for humanity majors lol'
'michelburg'
'a perfect world?'
'Aren't you a funny guy'
'TIME TO ACIVATE KILL STREAK!!! DRONE STRIKE THE SCHOOL WOOOOOOO'
'YOU DONT SPEAK ARABIC FOR A REASON KEEP SHOOTING IGNORE THE SCREAMS'
'PILOTING A DRONE IS JUST LIKE A VIDEO GAME LOOK HOW EASY IT IS TO KILL PEOPLE FROM AFAR'
'I cant wait to 360 no scope the taliban yes!!!'
'Kevin lives there'
'sorry that chicago doesnt have your estrogen filled tap water'
'tfw uiuc costs more than  iit'
'and i was about to type the sentence "..they were forced to work with fewer employees and new restrictions, putting a permanent debuff on food production"'
'i had a dream last night i was in 07, and there were women in it'
'The person in front of me has an american football sweater on'
'Mfw i am on the spectrum (autistic not gay ew)'
'Mfw i am in a car which is a death cab for cutie reference'
'When the officer asks me for my liscense and registration'
'My dad and i when i illegally drive with an expired permit'
'Kill them idk'
'Dylans birthday'
'a fella really eating dried kelp to stay alive'
'i like math rock'
'Oh boy i wonder what strategy will be used next game'
'But he will...'
'Listen to me @Diego, in your speech you must incorporate the word wabungus in some way.'
'i think this is my best joke in a while'
'Your mom is my neighbor'
'Listen I think it would be really funny to be walking around prom and it's just me with like five dudes in drag.'
'I am. Not against this idea'
'listen to me jay you must sit through a mandatory zoom meeting where they show a 10 minute video of the 20 most extroverted kids on campus and the 20 kids who were allowed to go outside in the early stages of the pandemic'
'No it will be jackson harem'
'Dont worry chassy poo I can be your temporary girlfriend instead kissy face'
'Dreaming about beating women'
'shlumped'
'wait is there a way to manipulate the options to add Logan wood'
'voter manipulation so diego becomes speaker'
'they need our outside emails so they can flood our main emails with STUDENTS-I as well'
'LETS GO SAME 20 KIDS OVER AND OVER'
'I really want to type in chat remember what they took from you'
'good I will continue to schlonk alcohol'
'DANA IS PROUD OF ME LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO'
'bro you cant even stand up straight'
'mfw when'
'me after i send my gift to the irs'
'just remembered "gayjoon" and started laughing'
'Yes she does I can confirm.'
'once i take steroids im chaning my name to lil balls'
'It was a collapsible bat and i practiced it on the way over'
'>text
>not vectorized icons

fake minimalist. poser'
'I followed him back to 04 and beat him up with a bat'
'i dressed up as chas'
'KAYSON SHE CALLED ON HIM AGAIN BRO'
'Your politics bore me.'
''
'we are literally talking about cum guzzling'
'you watched one mcdonald's documentary and call yourself a foodie realist'
'Go suck a cock for some protein'
'i hope you fucking die'
'I dont want to hear any of you fucking freaks talk about food'
'we are forcefeeding diego a cocoa bean'
'how else u supposed to eat it'
'Tfw no big fat balls...'
'Man harold is so fucking ripped'
'ohio'
'99% conviction rate baby'
'wait... not anymore.... :('
'DNA hallway'
'kevin'
'what the fuck is this'
'Kevin if i walk into your future house and its fucking like this im stealing everything in your house'
'So clean!'
'oops forgot the pi day event was todya'
'>Become musician
>Play covers of songs you like
>Perfect Quality'
'class of 19 dude just asked me what went down on isnt a meme a week ago lmao'
'i walk to the edge of a cliff, say among us! and jump off'
'Ok Im boutta buy a dildo to support the boozefund'
'super-duper straight yourself into some pussy '
'you probably want a tomboy who can'
'derek didnt mute himself whule he was peeing so the entire hall just heard him taking a piss'
'Is hentai the only counter to among us?'
'if our evolution of what we find funny just gonna turn into hentai'
'I got a prostate cancer vaccine'
'aggressively shits pants'
'You all are just sus.'
'he is a pussy!'
'now that i think of it doing the league intercession marked the beginning of my collapse this semester'
'wait'
'problem - I'm tired of eating so much pussy!
solution - league of legends'
'wtf hamood in overwatch'
'ah I just got to the funny part in aot
immediately recognized it'
'My dog just walked up to me, farted, and then left'
'Brett we're not having this conversation'
'trust me it is the lords word that says you must show me your feet'
'"you cannot report me to the police i am under 75 decibels!"'
'i hate this chat'
'Feeling like a wungus, a chunghs, kevin gor me in the crib up down smelling like fungus. Among us. Barack hussein obungus'
'can the furries please shut the fuck up'
'Quantitatively. Yes'
'Listen to me jackson. Do not  say "get your tits out or ill fucking kill you"'
'well then if we look at the stats objectively it seems austin approach is better'
'This is the difference between austin and i'
'"a class explaining sexual harrasment wouldn't do anything. it's common sense"'
'Dylan of biblical proportions'
'funny really wish funny did vore funny'
'In my recommended videos'
'tbh the only ones i even eat at all are thin mints and the lemon ones. the rest are kinda garbage'
'Thats one hot minute'
'wish my name was dylan so diego would feel me'
'youre looking mentally stable today'
'Steak n shake asmr'
'Yeah and he also roasted a fursuit maker on his channel for sending his daughter a poorly made fursuit'
'like i said before she should just walk it off'
'nsfw in general'
'I experienced a paradigm shift today. I realized the my soul has been corrupted and the the fires of hell are the only thing that can cleanse it.'
'i read this like. Really Q?'
'when the imposter is haram'
'>unironically using polcomp internet terms'
'ayo wanna hop on age'
'but you didnt have to cut me off'
'yes'
'why do i have to exist in the same timeframe as you'
'what neurons activated in your mind that when you saw diego say that you pulled up this image'
'kys'
'You aren't?'
'gaslighting irl.'
'"what was the big event this week"'
'Just remembering that I saw a british person in my dream'
'Sexual = super evil xtreme ung and lame'
'why are you so sus to me'
'i yoink it then the splorg go off?'
'I can stop anytime i want'
'Just found out sans is British. Don't dm me I need some time to think.'
'We don't consider the Kevins humans'
'it's a meme, batman'
'what is hebephilia?'
'fuck you mods r gay i ain't no mod'
'bretts are coming into our gc, destroying our irony and pushing their neo-roneurist agenda'
'the brettish question'
'as baller as possible'
'i keep thinking about that football game from 17776 where they just played aoe on the football field'
'assigned brett at birth'
'i suggest we quarantine the bretts into their own separate groupchat'
'The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, or where it isn't from where it is (whichever is greater), it obtains a difference, or deviation. The guidance subsystem uses deviations to generate corrective commands to drive the missile from a position where it is to a position where it isn't, and arriving at a position where it wasn't, it now is. Consequently, the position where it is, is now the position that it wasn't, and it follows that the position that it was, is now the position that it isn't.
In the event that the position that it is in is not the position that it wasn't, the system has acquired a variation, the variation being the difference between where the missile is, and where it wasn't. If variation is considered to be a significant factor, it too may be corrected by the GEA. However, the missile must also know where it was.
The missile guidance computer scenario works as follows. Because a variation has modified some of the information the missile has obtained, it is not sure just where it is. However, it is sure where it isn't, within reason, and it knows where it was. It now subtracts where it should be from where it wasn't, or vice-versa, and by differentiating this from the algebraic sum of where it shouldn't be, and where it was, it is able to obtain the deviation and its variation, which is called error.'
'imagine if canon was spelled as qanon'
'cope and seethe white boy'
'a permanant way to cope is to commit posion drink'
'you sound like you're coping'
'17776'
'my im going to set you on fire comment to peter is still safe lmao'
'I got a facebook account warning because i threatened to kill austin'
'After i 720 no scope biden from the washington monument'
'When jaelynns little sister farts in his face'
'>scrolling mindlessly through reddit
>sees superstraight sub
>aaaaaaugh'
'i like how we immediantly thing this is some sort of political symbol'
'this is my first time in mine months and i see this first'
'is it just me or do i see amogus outline from the roads'
''
'i dont give a shit anymore honest to god ill just do anything to not get called out'
'get it like im really fly'
'Wait nvm ming get a tiktok'
'but if you send an egirl to this chat im killing you'
'Are you guys saying you dont wanot to see ming dance to anime intros'
'you are a beautiful human being'
'you didnt jail austin when he deepnuded me'
'sensory deprivation chamber to replicate his mothers womb'
'thinking about how horrible anything pre-2010 was'
'free thinkers are typing....'
'Man we kinda need a new 9/11 im so fucking tired of people complaining about cancel culture'
'are you criticizing our most glorious leader Xi Jinping?'
'of course, it cant beat the 50 among us presentations'
'featuring the track "I only give out C+ on essays on a good day"'
'grind time is all the time'
'This meme was made by Exposing Posers Gang'
'how is this the funniest thing ive seen today'
'i just keep losing today'
'and to be fair you guys are female'
'the real winners are the ones who never participated'
'at least they get to put reduced misogyny on their resumes maybe'
'It got removed by facebook automatically'
'youre not alone ming'
'as a man, i can attest to this being 100% true'
'Me after smoking so much meth and watching so much porn that I literally have no soul left'
'OG: original groyper'
'the groyper'
'because i love having sex with fish'
'diego this is your time to save all of imsa by posting some braindead thing on isnt a meme'
'why is imsa filled with retards'
'bro this is going to make my job so much fucking harder'
'the funny make words longer when i say something controversial'
'you should probably be more worried about my relationship with your mother'
'i forgot sound mixer existed so i turned down zoom and i am in tranquility rn'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah off to a great start LMAOO'
'Oh. Well if that doesn't suck out your life force this song definitely will'
'dont say it dont think it'
'Why did i type that'
''
'on God this was a bad trip'
'https://youtu.be/9YFLzAuNwiE'
'>open link
>see ok computer as #1
>Leaves'
'listen to me dylan. You must look in really old archives behind one thousand paywalls and 10 proxies for documents on the economic history of senegal from 1945-1980'
'No a quay is someone who cooks that shit up'
'bruh'
'You would've won cause i would fucking died from old age'
'can we program a Robosapien to jack me off'
'when the board gets paid millions'
'drip shoes'
'Cope seethe cop'
'He is not a bruh dog.'
'oh yes i sure love the 1800's where i would be considered a human of equal value to you'
'i wish the us had a good train system'
'but it is also cooler than a third world country'
'how dare you spit in the face of the holy film that is cars 2'
'Every 6 months i have scrolled through all of his facebook posts'
'elon musk was q'
'is it possible to change the font of this group chat'
'literal daddy issues'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEEnhivRu9U&ab_channel=TwitchHelp'
'i just lost 50 pounds wtf'
'Humanity restored.'
'i am deleting league of legends'
'Oh'
'Austin and davie504'
'this is all you need to know'
'jaelynn is persona 5!?'
'Every single titan crew so far, ive turned it on befoee hand, and just went to sleep.'
'because lakota is good so i dont get rushed by a white gamer who is trying to harness his inner korean'
'"I am highly sympathetic" mccutcheon'
'patrick just pulled bofa on andrea'
'the dr. dong image works wonders for solving errors'
'I love you Ming'
'the irony no one else gets outside of faze chat'
'bothering people and making people feel unwelcome sounds like a peter thing to do'
'add kevin to this image'
'the lobsters, john. the lobsters are a representation of our id john'
'hes dming me you know hes desperate'
'what happened to fennekin'
'What can I say. Its called we do a little trolling'
'Fear and loathing in Las vegas'
'ad conversation gayum i win bye bye'
'diego you should post funny stuff in your facebook again'
'some pictures might help too (im a visual learner)'
'Actually no I think the results of just sending the word vaporeon to this chat are incredibly funny'
'people to not argue with unless you want an aneurism:
brett
diego
ben shapiro 
maybe destiny
your mom '
'You bring up socioeconomics in a conversation like this then you wonder why I don't care about politics'
'diego we debated this at sodexo for like 2 hours'
'Eysturlid hasn't noticed that I dropped his class and he sent me an email asking why I haven't done anything'
'out of all the people here ming has mastered his own form of irony'
'Hold up I thought you were gay.'
'"Babe, it's 11am time for your half ass hour long nap  between classes"'
'Maybe a little too much '
'Shut the fuck up'
'as you can see we are all staunch feminists'
'physicists really explaining how the rate of effervescence of a k-on particle is 5 picofarts per nanoshit'
'I can't be happy for my own goddamn cousin bc of you. You bastard.'
'Austin bc of you this post will forever be tainted in my mind'
'nononono this is NOT supposed to be relatable'
'https://foxbaltimore.com/amp/news/project-baltimore/city-student-passes-3-classes-in-four-years-ranks-near-top-half-of-class-with-013-gpa'
'is this something too advanced for my feeble brain'
'jamal the blue guy when i mistake darth maul for him'
'i think i see the symbol for gun death in there'
'I fucking love science!'
'[spies in disguise gif where o correct the spelling to filipino]'
'filipino style'
'hahahah kevin typing into his computer "jew merchant corporation art style" at 4:45 am'
'shut the fuck up diego stop gaslighting me into thinking you're retarded'
'What does this mean'
'20 hours?'
'Mlg trickshot crusifiction?'
'personally I think we should make the answers free and open source'
'wake up babe new NMDGF stocking report dropped'
'wouldve taken him 2 minutes if you sent him a discord link to a discord server called "A Bunch of Monkies"'
'Jay in the howwwwwse.'
'american football'
'As
Ballin
As
Possible'
'Cray'
'i meann hes just a fella'
'really had this happen during cwra...'
'just realized ive been listening to hey ya for like an hour'
'0 days 0 hours 0 minutes'
'trumps gab account got hacked'
'a small zip file of a few terabytes'
'next thing we see'
'I was hungry. Can you blame me?'
'cwra is today?'
'Trumpgender'
'these are the only screen shots i have of earthpol'
'after further evidence from austin im going to have to agree with him that is pretty disgusting'
'he saw an internet connected server still running windows xp'
'ive been spotted'
'nvm guys'
'i can afford the revy gun'
'oppa dylan style'
'ngl in the middle of my essay i wanna go on a q anon style rant and talk about the atrocities of the british crown'
'bobby shmurda released from prison about a week ago'
'And im leading the discussion rn man'
'if you're dylan then what is staying up till 6 and missing first two classes'
'Its 12:30 how am i feeling like dylan im literally bruhing'
'shut the fuck up'
'whats he holdin'
'ok i missed a bunch of stuff in this chat by being asleep'
'curse you and your ten and stumpy reactions'
'Thats it'
'just one lose after another. 

>No Lines
>Austin got mexichad gf before me
>get btfo by mr meyer'
'thats exactly what an austin collaborater would say'
'they're trying to wipe away the chat logs'
'Yeah my 8th grade goth furry mexichad gf'
'Austin posts furry yiff no one bats an eye

I post one line, everyone loses their shit

This is the society.... we live in....'
'Why is it everyone else can post furry yiff but the second i make one irony furren posten that is just a line i get obliterated'
'depends who im trolling'
'What are the political implications of jackson being gay'
'Ok. Fine mayhaps tomorrow I will ask.'
'State Farm HQ'
'vaccines'
'Life imitates art'
'for the ending of this mandarin email thing i put


'
'*dylans harder*'
'i just said yeah your reaction is like i killed the president'
'bro wtf'
'just saw an among us ad next to a military ad'
'all i can say is dont go to the capital of alaska diego'
'thank you for the compliment'
'if you listen to it right. he sounds like he is saying. bingus'
'Thinking of when my mother called a wabungus a "goober fish"'
'Ok this is kind of funny'
'...yes honey'
'i legit want to set fire to imsa just because of adpro'
'Look at these fuckin dogs'
'i guess ive been just living my life wrong'
'queer eye is really fucking good'
'this is 05s clash planning'
'BaaderMeinhof phenomenon'
'Maybe ur the real female Peter'
'just gaslit one of my coworkers into thinking freezer is spelled freeseir'
'this is the worst shit ive read this week'
'by the time they find out about the plan, they will have a cannon-sized cavity in their chest'
'#boyboss'
'people like you'
'I had it loaded up in my keyboard but forgot to hit send'
'"1.09 billion people in the world hate Jewish people"

My sister: "ok?? And im one of them"'
'i got an ad on youtube about how someone's kid named dylan was killed in a school shooting and im not sure what to feel'
'what do you want to do?
Text
Video
Porn
Gay'
'this is him.  this is qanon'
'I saw a truck that said "Dylan's equipment lease" on it'
'yknow im sort of against the shit the air force has done but DAMN did they hit when they made these grey shirts these are perfect'
'Diego you're being gaslighted theres nothing there'
'oh shit he's here'
'warning'
'Roflcopter in real'
'That looks like the bruh copter'
'Every time i need to tell someone a command or ask them to do something, i now start it with "Listen to me ____, you must"'
'i swear i read it as caracal'
'man i am really thinking about the quay oreos'
'fast and bulbous'
'ok its settled Im buying these'
'i think if i saw this in real life it would actually cause judgment day'
'Still thinking about that time my grandma was trying to convince me that jar jar binks is canonically homosexual'
':|'
'wait that my pfp im retarded'
'we have created a new language'
'wow the dow jones is really doing the Dougie'
'No kevin

Doing the swag = good
Doing the Q = bad'
'WTF TORRES PERSONA 3'
'if your motivated by racism anything is possible'
'i think it knows u better than u know u'
'mf tampon and condom aisle'
'Like I was just doing dishes and she like looked at me and went hey Austin check this out and just did the fucking Hitler salute'
'I dont like bingus.'
'not this again'
'Going through elementary and middle school with the last name mcdonald is quite the experience'
'it really gives me the tickles!'
'Oh yeah I forgot there was a group of people that would refer to me as alana cock'
'thinking about what my life would be like rn if i took my mom's maiden name of sexton'
'the worst part is that I know who was responsible for creating the infographic and they still fucked it up'
'bro they changed everything besides the one i told sam to change'
'you see i shut of notifications for this chat because i still value some of my sanity'
'the funniest thing is that it was decided that i was the one choreoing it if we got it'
'ok this is kind of funny'
'yuo see the best represents my misery of reading this conversation'
'my sloth consumes me more and more as i read this'
'Seafood is good'
'!soyjack'
'The ideal man!'
'i was gonna post this but then i thought nah chas will post it soon'
'i cannot catch a break in this class'
'@Austin McDonald dude. irony fest 2021.'
'"listen to me krystian you must survive 3 semesters of remote learning at imsa"
the fella krystian after completing this task:
[pretend the spongebob pic is here i dont have it]'
'You do not need to edit'
'i need a full body picture of brett to edit to be comically small'
'diego lost the argument'
'i think it is kevin who wants to be filled with dragon cum until he is a sphere'
'Kevin: I like javascript because im a dumbass
Diego: That's stupid
Kevin: Okay, well... you think furries are hot so shut up
Diego: Of course I think furries are hot. Don't act like you don't like cum inflation'
'NO DR DAVIS SAID SUS'
'amogus'
'Yeah but I dont think beating your meat to dragons will change this'
'guys, we found him'
'i saw starry night and before my brain registered that it was starry night i thought of the starry night among drip pic first'
'the mf half naked 1000 year old loli dragon?'
'glad to see my among us article is doing well'
'Do not dislike. I need it'
'Ok so can someone send the "I am snacking" video?'
'i will be ultradylan'
'boomers are retarded neocons are retarded'
'what if elon was Q'
'this is the kinda game doctor who would challenge sherlock holmes for tea time after gay sex'
'Already bought it in a timeline where i had the money'
'boutta hit the q on this german video assessment'
'the mf hides himself behind a happy omori pic man thats messed up'
'good start!'
'node.js feels like someone decided to be stupid'
'them'
'This is like the opposite of that one Reddit post that was like I used Ben Shapiros arguments in my paper, why did I get a bad grade?'
'when the leftist has to actually communicate'
'I didn't know that was possible'
'my dad put on country music and then left and I dont know how to turn it off'
'I had a dream where Chas said this and then proceeded to set off a dirty bomb in front of a government building'
'mccarthyism'
'"QAnon Could Be Me!" - Dr. Eric Smith'
'"I can't go to hell, I'm out of vacation days"'
'0 days'
'libertarian guy with Asian wife'
'rage.'
''
'you are a fucking degenerate i hope you know that'
'Thank you for being so specific mr im studying chinese in my free time'
'Zhanglaoshi just said. American football'
'Hey Luis. We're over.'
'man rodrigo asked me how I was doing and I said the fella Dylan but I didnt realize what I had wrote until after. I had sent the email'
'I think one of my responses to one of the questions was I would rather suffer in the hottest pits of hell for eternity than do another semester of these god forsaken online classes'
'cheetos
pringles 
ramen'
'Illinois, mathematics, science'
'I wish Kearney would make me Dino chicken nuggets'
'every time i go into adpro my brain shuts off'
'"on my dick lmao"'
'how i be like when the white kid at Pete' Fresh Foods Market ask me if i know where his mom is'
'This is your based card'
'why ssundee why'
'i just sent the among us emoji in the 04 gc and everything just stopped'
'thank fucking god.'
'GRRRR I HATE CAPITALISM BUT I AM FORCED TO LOVE CAPITAL'
'i am hating'
'i was losing my mind today bc i thought of "i am coping" at work'
'stay dumb, be useful'
'>washington post
>owned by Jeff Bezos

funny'
'Deutchland'
'fuck my dad just saw this'
'thanks guys'
'Illinois is femdom i think that was a good descision on our part'
'need salmon.'
'gf'
'fuck i've turning in to jordan peterson'
'rhythm game players when they get a 99 on a test and cant retake it'
'i hear from the other room (my father's room): hey alexa play never meant by american football'
'thank you ming'
'Yeah but you look at undertale porn'
'woah.'
'my entire hobby goes against like everything. i would be fella dylan'
'but like. if im amish, i can no longer listen to the smiths'
'Ok so i forgot "funny" meant something else to everything else so i said "in 1924 there was a wave of deportations in new mexico, arizona and california after the mexican american so that was kinda funny" and everyone stared at me'
'oh okay because my manager just said "yeah uhhh write that you signed this 2 weeks ago and you can leave"'
'Ok what the fuck is uiuc doin'
'i legitmately ask this question a lot'
'No i am heterosexual'
'I don't understand loneliness just talk to yourself lol'
'https://youtu.be/eaio2k_RkV4'
'>will able to hug kevin when we go back'
'Ugh what the frick whats the point if i am stuck with no brett and wagonner only'
'We make the aurora woods incident'
'man its going to feel like we're in a sitcom during senior week'
'time to paint the dna hallway with my piss'
'hmm this undeclared kid is here, lets throw him into gender studies'
'i thought they put you into the division of gender studies'
'he is snacking'
'es hora de comer'
'"you say shit on the dna hallway floor and no one bats an eye..."'
'leaves a trail of period blood in the dna hallway'
'why would anyone create 5 pipe bombs to put in both toilets in 05C upquad downquad and 07C 11 on April 9th 2021'
'>toliet incident april 9th'
'>return to campus
>toilet blows up first thing in the morning'
'let it happen'
'it literally looks like the one spongebob episode where they splashed white paint all over it'
'bleach hallway'
'"No it was not minimalist white clean aesthetic!!!"'
'literal whitewashing lmao'
'nah i want my time to be spent practically'
'popularkinder'
'"i am part of the master race" "please excuse my obvious birth defect and stupidity"'
'This is my favorite character'
'okay guys i did the homework'
'1 year of torment can finally be expressed as I beat the living shit out of austin'
'bro im waiting for the "those with failing grades or less than 150 service hours will not be allowed to come back"'
'Decides to teach my dog amongus'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai_4xUZtOSo'
'i suddenly feel the urge to be anti-immigration despite my parents being immigrants'
'not you yaejoon your cool'
'Never'
'bro my manager's email is straight up deadmau5lover@gmail.com'
'but this is funny too'
'i forgot my jesus hates racism but loves the racist shirt existed'
'fuck youy'
'remember kevin he wants to fuck you while you wear a skirt'
'pro tip if you are downloading porn through your terminal in bash, put a space before the command, it will not show up in history'
'Eysturlid caller the last two star wars movies war crimes'
'will you be the airpods to my shotty'
'i am tasking'
'Throw off those chains of reason and your prison disappears'
'i feel like the trollface that does the evil smile'
'im so glad i took diglit before among us'
'worse than fucking waterboarding that class'
'goddamn chinese'
'its hugh amongus'
'ok but you must work for me at $1/hr'
'What are you gonna do? Q me?'
'if you went back a year and told me that I would be laughing at any mention of the word among I would kill myself on sight'
'testical'
'yeah no i need to sleep i somehow read bussy from this sentence'
'oh yeah lets all just move to jaelynns house and work at your car wash'
'>allowance

Top 1%'
'she gives me the same shit yet she cant even follow my instructions to cook rice'
'https://youtu.be/1pAIZbJnKlY'
'you dont know how bad i want to edit this into that stages of big dick meme'
'among us disorder'
''
'bashes head against the keyboard until i knock myself out'
'we could be in texas rn'
'that 10pm-12:30 nap about to go crazy'
'not this shit again'
'the limit as diego approaches dylan'
'yeah im thinking this or "Qnosticism"'
'"what the heck this isnt destiny 2"'
'like sometimes i just unironically laugh at a tiktok just to feel something'
'her name is. awooga'
'A.  Mongus'
'>text girl "did you get home safely last night"
>no response
Is she dead?'
'i have a copy of the declaration of independence hanging up and i saw "among us" and i was like'
'guys whatever you do, do not go to https://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/declaration-transcript and ctrl f "among us"'
'can confirm'
'bruh they told my sister you can like anyone girl or boy just make sure they arent black'
'as soon as i finished it started snowing again'
'2:59 fuck tou'
'this is actually gonna be me in two weeks'
'despacito'
'microphone foot'
'At the hair zone'
'Its not that bad, considering half of this group chat probably wont wake up until 3'
'when'
'no its supposed to be a shamrock'
'do you kno da imposter?'
'"there are many political idealists among us"'
'acts of violence create the need for self defense.

1) commit 9/11

2) arm pilots

3) October 23. 2027 "Wabungus" incident'
'austin cant live out his dream as an armed passenger airplane pilot'
'yes babe.'
'did you just say task'
'Iran has law that you can't wear shorts
no one:
Iran: based!'
'i just didnt want "FaZe Black Cock "'
'I, Jaelynn the CAB Director, cant stand among us memes any more boys i am so sorry please stop get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head get it out of my head'
'down astronmically'
'*future bomb'
'Piss07'
'04chan'
'you dont have to ask twice'
'I would love a qanon theme and then we spread conspiracy theories about imsa admin'
'Yee yee ass ha1rcut'
'now were talking about rule 3(4) lmao'
'dean's wife sitting in the background while he talks about decaying marriages'
'just checked the collaborative playlist with this girl i like. she added a tame impala song'
'brett just explore in college and preferably not in this gc'
'brett stop posting anime people'
'Dude pulled up and I saw the name on his credit card. "bryce dooley"'
'Do I?'
'thank you triplybyte'
'fuck you'
'Fuck it. 0 ohms'
'gang literature on ig'
'fellas in paris is just a magical song man'
'Oh dear friend of mine who is also a smiths fan'
'what does this mean'
'qevin qordero'
'ayo the'
'you did the rodrick, gotta set the expectations low'
'i spent my valentine's day watching ICarly'
'my stomach really hurts now'
'happy valentine's day to me'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah i want to fillet you'
'They are buying reselling all the computer parts'
'I think I should convince my parents I am Qanon'
'I LOVE SCIENCE'
'Man I'm really gonna be fucked up in the steak n shake tonight'
'also me calling 911 on a touhou fan i saw in skokie'
'the solution to the Reinmann Hypothesis

Mention of my conquest to solve the ecnomic crisis of Senegal (devious)

How an instagram artist inspired me to learn russian cursive

how i failed the NCLEX

how Togo has been a victim of Neo Colonialism

fucking hello nurse in the white space

how if bingus was president, the House of Representataives would be divided into 43 parties

FDA regulations in my schizo land

how lightskin african americans are less likely to be arrested'
'i wonder what jay ganesan moment will happen today'
'Ben shapiro wishes'
'Found mario judah'
'The property manager stands guard'
'I didn't know how much fucking power were in these lyrics'
'I hear my dad say "bofa? Bofa deez nuts!" And the immediately hear distorted screaming from the other end'
'Also who is bingusmb'
'I have sent a racist furry online a death threat. Now i play omori'
'if you take it down its basically supressing them on thought. True capitalist organizations will fall under their own contradictions'
'Ok I was thinking. Hear me out jay: pros of working at sns
1. You will meet a guy named dylan
2. You will probably see the qanon guy.'
'goddamn irish'
'bro we can buy it and make among us in real'
'yeah im cool now but im gonna pretend to still be fuxked up the most as possible so i can getan extension on my paper due tonight'
'Amo'
'IMSA MADE A FUCKING NEOCORPO AD'
'Played this in front of my mother thanks guys'
'gonna set this as my bg during the lead meeting'
'omg jay is gonna turn into a wolf'
'ive always wanted to build a keyboard, but a full size is too expensive to justify, so i plan on eventually building this macropad'
'Leaves meeting like a boss'
'Yeah im not even at my computer im making scrambled eggs rn'
'Tfw I can't set my name among us'
'yes'
'cursed'
'ad Q'
'singlehandedly worsend my heartburn tenfold'
'The joke is that the place is called "Sneed's Feed & Seed" which is clever in itself and quite funny to those with a mature sense of humour but what's really just hilarious about it is that if you look closely at the front of this store, Sneed's Feed & Seed, you can see a line that reads "Formerly Chuck's". Now, this might go over the average viewer's head as this, THIS, is peak comedy. I doubt anything will ever be as funny as the joke about Sneed's Feed & Seed. Are you ready for this one? So, like I said, the place is called "Sneed's Feed & Seed" and this sign says "Formerly Chuck's", which means that when Chuck owned the place, well, I don't have to tell you...'
'me: "can we use the name of someone in our presentation, as it is vital to understanding the joke"
rettberg: "what is the topic?"
me: "Its a popular joke from the Simpsons"
rettberg: "which joke?"
me: (waits a minute trying to think of a way to explain it)
me: "sneed"'
'austin you pussy'
'Schlonk some tums dude'
'when the chest pain is unberable!'
'gang_tums_on_ig'
'THAT ONE DUDE AT IMSA'
'1) stress out the student population
2) design a room to attempt to mitigate the issue
3) install windows
2019 - the "IMSA Relaxation Room" incident'
'Give me your money (it will totally not go to israel)'
'when the birthday is happy'
'no chas wins bc he is the birthday boy'
'I want to go fishing fr'
'I am haunted'
'McCarthy asked me if I wanted to compose anything for senior concert and Im debating just transposing Storm by Godspeed and using that'
'i had one where everyone originated from 3 people and 2 out of the 3 where kevin and jackson'
'dude i just remembered in my dream i was at an alternate reality steak n shake and there was a chair called the ween chair'
'Q ing'
'Snacking'
'fun fact my best friend shat himself in that exact tony steamers 6 years ago from today'
'Thinking about that one doge where its like "madam your pussy is simply diabolical"'
'guys trust me it gets better after his 25th time saying eating a burger with no honey mustard'
'honey mustard >>>> regular mustard'
'why even live'
'Words that have been ruined for me by the internet that are just normal words:

Q
Clearly
Among (us)
Imposter
Suspicious
Devious
When the
Based
Drip
SOS
(When you inquire on what you are eating for dinner)'
'A year'
'No no no man you aren't peter. There is something else going on entirely with him. You are a caring guy. Peter is not.'
'aww fuck yeah ive finally passed all of the classes i had last semester'
'People like peter dont have real friends man and at the very least you got all of us'
'I'm sure, being the calm and collected individual that he is, he handled it wonderfully and did not overreact whatsoever'
'so i accidently got peter to lose all of his netherite armor and weapons'
'Methinks i will post an inflammatory post on imsa crushes and then turn off motifications for yhe group'
'I am snacking'
'@Austin McDonald no more snacking'
'when the austin mcdonald gets his comment removed for violating the terms of service of isma crushes'
'okay so let's say i go to college and then i go to grad school for math and then i get through post doc and get a tenured research position making 120,000 a year. okay, so that's 10,000 a month, probably around 8,500 after taxes. so, for a rent of 500 and utilities of about 500 (no car, just ride bike), i would have 7500 left over. so, if i eat 3 meals a day, i can have 182 breadsticks a meal'
'i can buy 120 breadsticks for the amount of money im getting payed tonight'
'how did you find something so specific'
'i cant even spell suspicious properly anymore'
'Contracts aids after condom breaks in kevins ass'
'elon sus-k'
'decides to responsibly have sex with kevin'
'decides to responsibly have sex with bretts mom'
'I cannot sponge react this enough'
'honestly satan kinda based'
'Poly relationships are quite hilarious'
'listen i know she ahs nice tits but cmon'
'"orgasm" instead of "organism" in cancer bio'
'This was really funny'
'I had a dream our irony got so post, austin was dying laughing at a mocie poster cause one of their names was dylan'
'ah my favourite time of the year, another great day, time to make my students feel lifeless and empty'
'I hope you feel empty'
'all hope is lost might as well buy a new one'
'you should call an emergency meeting'
'Kevin trust me it would be very funny. You could work with my dad you would be all like "your son is homosexual" and he would be all like "how about that"'
'uiuc. urinary insertion unga contraption'
'ok here is my presidential agenda: 

>nuke San Francisco
>blame it on Britain
>declare war on Britain
>wipe UK off the face of the planet
>initiate world peace'
'Decides to violate the treaty and nuke Diegos house'
'dw chas ill call you next time i need two of my favorite particles to be smashed together'
'Big Kevin'
'Anyone got that image where it does along the lines of

Ayo can i have a titty pic

My mistake. I contacted you when i was at my darkest hour, i have my own demons to face'
'>sees the album cover

message ignored'
'After seeing this video i am now Libertarian'
'me and jackson are in a relationship'
'I am snacking'
'Qthony qtano.'
'smoke week everyday'
'drip 16'
'Everlong plays in the car'
'Smriti is awesome but like awesome in a way that i can't ascribe to any other person'
'India is quite funny'
'i just looked at myself at zoom and i didnt realize that i was making this face lmao'
'@Jackson Dooley'
'sus!'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah icu hiding your smile at the mention of among us'
'True!'
'Yes'
'You thought it said beastars didnt you'
'so some republican congressperson just died from coved and ppl are trolling him'
'I'm not your friend anymore'
'read my 1800 book on caveman theory'
'Bc the usa is awesome'
'What the fuck are you doing you cannot use the double gulp cup for the fucking slurpy'
'bro dababy was playing and ngl i felt like straight up breaking someone's jaw during the argument'
'Wie gehts'
'Tonight is literally just gonna be fail night.'
'ayo pierre you wanna come out here'
'my new besties...'
'people are greedy'
'Socie'
'finance is just astrology for men'
'Man. It's so good.'
'My teacher just said african spoken word history is like QAnon'
'You shouldve said you were in the hospital after donating your kidney to your dying sister'
'look how much you've grown up @Brett Johnson'
'dababy react'
'diego react'
'Qanon react'
'Wait this is wabungus'
'during my emo hours this was the only thing on my instagram bio'
'why the seal look so fine'
''
' welder irony react'
'@Kevin Cordero microdose on bitcoin'
'This group chat is all too real.'
'is the sponge react = the dylan react'
'https://youtu.be/Jn07Tre0LCY'
'im being cucked by a scholarship bc im not tall enough lmao'
'I'd rather sit through 5 nights at Freddies than one more night of that shit'
'Shipping and writing fanfic of real life people is not okay unless it is between the members of The Smiths'
'('
'kid named jason:'
'I'm convulsing'
'Oh really? Do you also like deep dish pizza and coding?'
'macdondald be like: can i get a burger'
'Just because you go to subway does not make it furry'
'The fella dylan transcribed into ancient text, resurfaced and disgraced under the blasphemous sun and the beating rays bake it to oblivion as the three eyes used to gaurd it dishevel in drought'
'Can I be none of them'
'Man this is just'
'You need to realize how funny this is'
'Yeah Ill give Diegos joystick drift if you know what I mean'
'Alanas right i should be bullied im too relaxed but the only insult so far thats imprinted on me was brett calling me white'
'You better be talking about the nintendo switch.'
'I wish i just joined the racist asian friendgroup'
'i hate all of you'
'You don't understand how hard I just laughed at this'
'This makes me want to like. Fuck shit up. Like just destroy'
'aggretsuko'
'now. hypothetically. if i'
'Even I think I will have sex by then'
'Aww cute'
'Shit. I have a fob'
'Gaslight rcs into just thinking theyre schizophrenic'
'Like imagine how terrifying it would be to do rounds in an empty building and suddenly hear a door open and close'
'alternate plan: we pretend like the hall is haunted and we just move stuff and walk around loudly to make it sound like someone else is there'
'We just show up to c wing and start playing smash. Then when rodrigo walks out of his room to get lunch or something we all pretend like nothing is wrong. just say ohey rodrigo whats up'
'How about we live on campus. Thats it. We break in'
'What if it was 6 gorillion dollars'
'If it was named AO the pizza here'
'Me when i see a green m and m'
'If i had those glasses id probably be like "BRUHHHHHHHHHHHH AWOOOOGA BOING BOING B'
'Diego which bandana can you wear in chicago'
'So you are telling me Diego's favorite color is shit colored?'
'Aren't you red-green colorblind'
'"there's gotta be a manual or some algorithm to this shit, the fuck is a vulva?"'
'i stil cant believe we made Q an inside joke right before Qanon blew the fuck up'
'One time I woke up at night and hummed a melody I was like dang this is pretty good but then I realized it was the super mario galaxy theme'
'IM SAtan...'
'fuck it, garlic bread for dinner'
'the fella dylan'
'"What about the benadryll challenge"- my 6th grade brother'
'for an hour straight, AJ and my quad kept saying "ayo piere you wanna come out here"'
'When john does not cook lasagna...'
'Where is his lasaga'
'They're just Garfields living in the desert'
'Qhaps'
'yes you are the reason mental illness exists in the first place'
'dr hawker asked "what is life" and someone said "pain"'
'we've literally ruined 2 words for no good reason'
'this is literally omori'
'thanks for the idea kevin'
'Kevin'
'@Austin McDonald is this why you posted this school bus in this chat at 3 am'
'smith looks like he's breaking out into a steins;gate opening'
'Yeah. As in the thing we don't have to do anymore'
'i remember the yellow part of this set specifically'
'ASCAB'
'anyway when is hunnie pop 2 supposed to drop'
'which is funny cause it is pronounced like vore'
'heyyyyyyyyyyyy just wanted to remind you that the 1 year anniversary of imsa's quarantine is coming up'
'"when asoingbobber jdda th ghkcen flpp!"'
'In sorry but you wanted to be like an anthropomorphic wolf diego'
'the goshi'
'mfw 1 million bricks are heading towards my current location'
'also "hermanas"'
'I had a dream kevin actually spoke fillipino and he was streaming on dicord and we were all clowning on him for speaking fillipino'
'I will go into every among us event and just destroy it through me and brett trolling'
'05 theme is just 5u5'
'the hall that is least sus gets 400 points!'
'our theme should be American nationalism'
'Quay Anon'
'Austin at work'
'sitze'
'Proof that democracy is bad'
'He gets into lightsaber duels with children and usually wins but his daughter is a skilled duelist'
'my friend said this is for chas'
'We did watch the karl Marx anime with her'
'its like a 30 minute thing where he is a part of a gang and they are trying to steal a corvette'
'I need to see his awkward smile one more time...'
'ik ik but he said it every time we talked about someone getting busted on the court or someone getting yelled at'
'LUIS ALWAYS USE TO SAY THIS'
'Nice balls cutie'
'do yall eat steamed okra'
'diego you look white'
'"you have been a very very bad kitty today"'
'https://sites.google.com/site/questcnssolutions/'
'hard shell = racist'
'yeah hard shell tacos suck'
'FILETING FISH FUCK YEAH'
'brett do you know what an asian looks like'
'Hello I'm Peter Leahy and Im standing in the Aurora Woods'
'thinking about shakespeare femboy poem rn'
'Im sending in this one'
'kinda weird how @Brett Johnson was heavily affected, but i wasn't'
'hes acutally grown a full on beard and everything he has the same hair as like dwarves from the hobbit'
'"im shitting on the social sciences because they deserved to be shit on" - my sir advisor'
'360 noscopes you in ballistic sim'
'my boss was like "you all have food handler's licenses right?" and no one did'
'I'm not'
'inject among us into my bloodstream to make me funny'
'sheisszeit'
'Me kissing Austin's bald head after his hairline completely recedes at the age of thirty'
'Gespanken'
'Punishment for among us'
'dude i look up in german for one second and a kid is pulling his pants down to get spankings'
'Ranks in gun club

Wabungusmesiter

Wabungus

Wabung

Wa'
'I really feel the urge to start a gun club rn tbh'
'I really feel like an urge to just run outside shirtless and just scream outside in the street.'
'god imagine if dean watched beastars'
'https://clips.twitch.tv/SingleGiftedAlfalfaHotPokket'
'First time i saw that image i laughed for 4 minutes straight'
'In that case you can just simplify it to 100% wrong'
'i was reading this erotic fiction and just as i was nutting i read the words "dommy mommy" so now im killing myself'
'I didn't understand it it just sounded funny'
'In loobio'
'today is just a really funny day for everyone i think'
'I like to translate chinese porn comics for the retards on 4xhan to improve my chinese'
''
'Get out of the crib'
'I am what they call. A barb. A girl boss. Pussy as fuck. On squirt.'
'mr kearney just said among and i had to hold down my laugh'
'yall rockin with being horny'
'my dude we arent helping all we have to do is nut, whoever is carrying the baby actually has to face the mental and physical anguish of carrying another human being'
'> clean his room'
'Yeah im pretty cool'
'If diego ever has children I will feel bad for them'
'show and tell but its just blackmail'
' thank you balboa kun'
'WHAT THE F- BOOOOOOOOOAAAAMMM'
'What'
'the z axis is linux and gay'
'Austin is gay.'
'I love you so much ming'
'Oh, are you going to be Diego's Commie Dommie Mommie?'
'are you basing your workout off an anime wolf'
'You think I'm joking. The next time I see you I'm putting you in a headlock until you pass out.'
'at that point it might as well be your mom'
'chas has ran out of my react photos and decided to use the interweb to fulfill his black react quota'
'clearly'
'c'
'White castles has like 5% accuracy'
'being shorter than the girl thats hugging you is an epic win'
'Being tall is cool i can pretend i am the goshi'
'i meannn at least all of you are above 55'
'So are you'
'like my sister accidentally tripped over him earlier and he just went AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA'
'I never realized Kevin was an actual psychopath'
'brummet said "amongst each other" and i laughed'
'That only works if you're Kevin'
'I feel like shit. Every day I wake up my stomach feels all fucked up I hate it'
'this dude hacked our servers so i am talking to him'
'I love you @Ming Huang'
'Looking at imsa crushes gives me a deep sensation of pure raw fury'
'catch me wearing this shit in college'
'better yet, use piano strings'
'this is me standing next to @Jaelynn Abdullah'
'he kept saying "imma kiss you" to me while he had an infected lip wound during MSI'
'we need to bring back hazing'
'Sometimes I think that there is hope for the world, but then I remember Kevin Cordero existed.'
'i looked up the end of evangelion song, saw the name and laughed for like a minute'
'https://youtu.be/P1AfgeuDnHo'
'dick on ass

hell ye'
'is the doge aryan too?'
'Dad wakes me up with "hey Jack have you heard the new death grips song?"'
'Explain this'
'"Free market"'
'3 genders. Man. Woman. Pee.'
'it would be great if I could see his posts'
'qcumber'
'it seems that sophie was really important to music tho'
'Think you're Porter Robinson?
Fuck you like the underwear I'm throbbing in
(Spaghetti!)

 - the best frax lyric'
'gupi of food house is tony hawk's son'
'and it turns out that my bus driver is a q anon supporter so me and the other kids in the bus start trolling the bus driver'
'damn the religious allusions and iconography is crazy good'
'keep yourself safe pal'
'Jewboi carti'
'god bless israel'
'**ATTENTION AMERICAN INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES** All content I send to this groupchat is completely ironic, and doesn't come from a place of actual contempt. I love the United States government, rich people, and Jesus Christ. I love Israel and believe Palestinians don't deserve human rights. I praise my lord Jeff Bezos every day for being such a kind man. God bless America and God bless authoritarianism.'
'here you go sir one sus in change'
'sus bucks'
'the tora obv because its the funniest one'
'For God will walk among us'
'reset the timer'
'Give me money'
'buy dogecoin last week'
'ok ive learned peoplentp listen to on finance:

Kevin
temple os
???'
'do not call Kevin at 3 am (he answered)'
'"Did you say battletoads? like the game?"'
'CITADEL AUTOMATICALLY HANGING UP CALLS'
'gestank'
'My favorite thing about that whole exam was the answer that just said "es ist lustig"'
'how soon is now'
'Yall rockin with racism'
'yaejoon you whore'
'Shane, can you press the autism button, on your remote?'
'"on Monday we are gonna talk about trolling"'
'I hope boomers are having fun learning what "dogecoin" and "tendies" are'
'Listen to me austin you must conduct every class through a skype call in your parents house for the next 10 months and never see the fellas again'
'Dream job: trapped in a server room please let me out I've been stuck in here for days and the servers all run windows'
'i really am a senior in highschool fuck'
'I'm now calling the thing I've got to put on my teeth "the austin appliance" bc it annoys the fuck out of me and I have to take it out of my mouth to eat'
'ok from now on we are getting all of our investing info from templeOS'
'Ok when you call your house a crib you literally admit to being a baby'
'one of the variable letter most commonly used in diffeq is the letter q'
'forces rettberg to look at asoingbobs by submitting them for a grade like a boss'
'Also you can't blame rettebrg for being out of touch. That dude's a grown ass guy. He has no time to look at asoingbobs'
'dr rettberg just said dank'
'see i feel like the shit everybody thinks is funny is probably actually funny but we are too jaded and deep into irony to believe that it actually is'
'what is irony'
'i had to sit through unironic presentations of people who thought baby yoda was the funniest thing known to man'
'Like ripping off the rose tinted lenses off your corneas and realizing how disconnected from reality you are compared to everyone else'
'i want to get in an argument with someone and say "argumentum per phallus parvus"'
'kinda wanna send this meme to the modern economics zoom chat'
'when the breakout room is  unironic'
'It's kinda crazy that an average person browses Instagram unironic memes'
'diego im polish this is why i need admin'
'I am currently trying to explain post-irony to my diglit breakout room'
'diego uses pee trade'
'I like robin good cuz it trolled Kevin and Diego'
'i think kearney is pro robinhood'
'hes about to ask how easy it was and im about to say "very easy cause i didnt do it"'
'Please dont say this'
'"That was not capitalism that was government private communism company ethics"'
'american libertarians and liberals are gonna agree for once lmao'
'i can see in real time how much i am getting assfucked'
'here kevin ill bail u out'
'you should add a feature wear you wait for 12 months for a gun licence and have to wait in lines in the morning to buy ammo'
'>3 DMs on messenger
>all are asking about the asoingbob post on diglit blog'
'we're fucking with bubbles once i reach 5/7 my original I'm pulling our and investing in something reasonable'
'when the market manipulation is hurting the common people!'
'everyone make fursonas its time to become wolf of wall street'
'brett receives the cia prize for excellence in journalism'
'decides to invest some zoloft into my bloodstream'
'???????'
'i can now file my own charges against Austin mcdonald'
'i will write about qanon'
'this is jackson'
'idfk thats midnight kevin's problem'
'the mass of retards have more power than Wall Street'
'had to scroll back up to laugh at this again'
'godzilla supporters trying to explain how godzilla can beat chad monkey man'
'we have the combined stock financial experience somewhere between jackshit and fuckall'
'when the gamestop is the cause for widespread economic collapse'
'you dont understand my soft multibillionare hedge fund owner bf is sad now'
'if enby people are invalid then explain tihs conservatives'
'i'm calling it the vid from now on'
'Was at the dentist today and he called covid 19 "the vid"'
'oh fuck i just got PNG'd, just wanted a happy trollface'
'CLEARLY you have never climbed a tree'
'No it tastes like awesome'
'im switching to etrade rn robinhood servers run on windows'
'because if it was a good morning i would be fishing with jaelynn'
'$SUS'
'the retards on wsb dont hate the 1% because of the endless cycle of capitalism its cause they want the money too'
'jesus what happened to him in 2008'
'susenomics'
'*drip down'
'war on drugs'
'Collab'
'Tfw the servents only brought water to the dinner party'
'aomugs is'
'Private prisons is how kamala made almost all of her fucking money lmao'
'father has revoked my blowtorch privileges'
'You should have been sleeping instead'
'stanky beinen'
'wann die qualitt von die bioprodukte suspekt ist'
'damn dnaiel'
'dr rettberg said im one of imsas premier meme lords'
'Days since ming has posted an asian/anime girl: 0'
'mccutcheon said "we have the first derivative test. funny" as soon as i was lookin at my screenshot of me asking austin for funnies'
'i think it was quite funny that two seconds before the room closes angie says: "i miss rage comics" and someone else goes: "rage comics?" and the room closed right then'
'ah yes funny man'
'brett wins'
'and unfortuneatly panda express lost their most loyal customer Matthew tellett'
'i retract my statement my toliet is not suitable'
'fuck it, im making crack'
'brandon put a picture of peter on this slide'
'me realizing I have 5 assignments all due at 10'
'ok funny mcdonald interview on wednesday'
'Asymmetrical Warfare
Not enough dough to pay this whores fare
Got my arm blown off by an IED
Got my penis blown off too now I cannot pee
Swag kalashnikov or ultra gay M16
Doesnt matter, make that ass brap like the war machine

Hold up, you smell that?

I do too
Dirty jew
Smell like poo
Trust in Q
Metal spew
Cut right through
Gun go pew
Rollin with my army crew

Bitches on sight with that PTSD
Despite my flashbacks Im on a hoe-fucking spree
Fuck the VA even worse than D-Day
Ass exam at meps, think that be a little gay

Yeah Im at the top of the chain of command
Respect your veterans crossing over no mans land
Make that pussy wet only with one hand
Play the national anthem, force that bitch to stand

I might look like Im missing half my torso
But I still fuck bitches like art, my name Van Gogh
Kill the shitskins with my pigblood ammo
Supplied by yours truely, taxpayer cash flow
Gov dont know me, say my name is John Doe
Badass Vets Gang bitch, Im the CEO
Creedence Clearwater plays on my radio
Fortunate me, check out my awesome guitar solo

*guitar solo*

Impressing the ladies with my war crimes
Impressing the public with my sick rhymes
Four dead in ohio
Viet cong say goodbye-o
They say make love, not war
I say, why not both?
My boy Nixon aint a crook
Dont catch him lying under oath

Ice on my stumps makes the bitches wanna dance
My money dirty like those goat-ducking afghans
Diamonds on prosthetics
Now look at whose pathetic

I got two strap-ons:
One for the streets
And one for the streets

R-I-P Chris Kyle
I will avenge you
Eddy Ray Routh
My gunll punch right through'
'boutta go hunting with my bow 
surprise tagged a filipino'
'They say make love not war
I say we can have both
My boy nixon ain't a crook
Don't catch him lying under oath.'
'ben 10 
cheese and mac
ssn
on the track
1283-55-182'
'impressing the ladies with my war crimes
impressing the public with my sick rhymes'
'Purdue fellas said I could drop compusci like a boss'
'Mr meyer just said "this code is broken because its your fault" and thats it'
'jacob and i looked up "big titty anime girls" on nathan's computer and he was super worried he would get in trouble so we had to go to the rc office and tell the rcs and kevin asked us what we looked up so i had to say "big titty anime girls"'
'Fuck the VA, even worse than D-Day
Ass exam at MEPS think I be a little gay'
'Bitches on sight with that PTSD
Despite my flashbacks Im on a hoe-fucking spree'
'Proud to be gay with my boys
Arming up to war with the goys'
'I do too, dirty jew, smell like poo, trust in Q, metal spew, cut right through, gun go pew, rollin with the army crew'
'https://youtu.be/bKdeqeP7VU0'
'zhang showed my homework where i said my most admired friend is kevin because we make fun of eachother a lot'
'got my penis blown off too now I cannot pee'
'got my arm blown of by an IED

doesnt matter the hoes still want this D'
'ok next meetup we're doing fight club'
'twinkie filipino boy carresses the bodies with his soft hands'
'Ome time kevin tried to choke you out and you were like "yeyeyeyeye trolololooo" and it was the funniest thing'
'I ATE THIS BITCH OUT I SAID SHE TASTE LIKE FIJI WATER SHE SAID BITCH READ THEORY'
'bruh my mom bought me women's underwear'
'Days since ming has posted an asian/anime girl: 0'
'i was gonna put the message "thanks for the blowjob" but i thought against it'
'yeah it does, check the top right'
'troll i have already failed'
'your saviors blood is literally booze'
'This frickin driving class is giving me anti-booze cruise propaganda'
'its our last semester who cares about quality of work just turn in shit and do the bare minimum'
'mfw i fucking die'
'when you realize you are slowly fading from the light into an eternity of cold, lonely darkness'
'rounerism is just the ultimate troll ideology'
'"my most prized possession.....weezer."'
'My dad was talking to me about his investments today '
'best i can do is $1.50'
'Me when i go to japan and i am forced to listen to anime music in the streets'
'honestly I dont know anything about kanji because Ive just been like tbh will stick to furigana to troll the language'
'jackson'
'respectfully, that is very bad advice'
'Lets get soul crushing jobs in japan and become aggretsuko irl'
'also the Diet Coke button was fake, sad'
'my mom found my extra blades for my safety razor and asked me if im planning to kill myself'
'my kids really gonna do that and the first thing it says to them is tfw no milf goth gf to watch eva with'
'I remember my middle school gave out selfie sticks as prizes for some fundraiser and the first thing we did on ours was watch mlg Tele tub bird'
'Mother i kindly request that you retrieve the apature device for my visual capture usage'
'"Why couldnt i have been the one to impregnate the hot asian grub hub girl"'
'yo mama so sus'
'Fart noise spund effect #2'
'Bicthes out here bringing bingus into politics fuck that bingus is head of the bingus party no policies only bingus'
'still thinking about when meyer said "purdue? more like purdont" then proceed to laugh at his own joke while everyone else was dead silent'
'Thanks mom'
'my mom thinks i'm gay and always talks about how that's ok'
'My father has stated that he hates "genderrr"'
'how to kick admin out of messenger group'
'just do the opposite of what austin does and you will be fine'
'is chasposting just chas with different facial expressions'
'fucking wolf of wallstreet up in here'
'George Clanton'
'>watching movie
>the movie says imposter every 5 seconds
>break down laughing every time
>parents legit think something is wrong with me'
'#0'
'he is going to be living the life man im telling you'
'i request one (1) ball fiddling session from you in return'
'Kevin editing austin to be black during compusci'
'Qollege'
'niggaology'
'frau said fuck you and put me in a breakout room with peter instead of austin'
'i want the german class where frau went around telling people to shut up'
'ich habe keine vorsatze'
'ich did not. austin on the other hand...'
'I put my dick in a bag of doritos and made a funny bitch suck the dust off the tip'
'Qhaps'
'Why did he room with Austin then'
'What is a coon'
'Furry porn is called yiff what the heck'
'You look like a school shooter but not like physically threatening'
'Watashi wa Kevin Cordero desu'
'"OH BITCH YOU'RE PISSING ME OFF" bruh it's not a person'
'sunnyside eggs are also awesome'
'Fine ill set up a robinhood'
'when the insights are alike'
'omori more like omar mustafa'
'this isnt danganropa'
'when the liar has negative intentions'
'is this what its like to be funny'
'my brother took a picture of the grub hub commercial and laughed while saying its the purple guy'
'both of the memes referenced here originated from this gc'
'im just trying to make sure sophs drop imsa'
'this is definitely me when I am a black girlboss Vice President and also hate poor and trans people'
'violin players when they cant play their fucking instrument despite playing it since 6th grade'
'apparently the reason the walter White House has a fence around is is because people kept throwing pizzas into the roof'
'but saying Mis-chee-vee-us is funny and funnypilled'
'netherite in south africa'
'amp ordered like a boss'
'he was genuinely worried'
'boutta groom shaun derik'
'>they are implying the imposter is not sus'
'Q anon strikes again'
'event: epic fail at the funny department'
'god I would love to mail water labeled cope juice to him'
'i am addicted to swag'
'Tracy she/her BLM '
'reading this while im in econ is just the funniest thing'
'fuck it im going back to robinhood'
'g r u b h u b (slowed + reverb)'
'Me after hearing about grubhub stocks for yhe 40th time today'
'bro thats among us in minecraft'
'ok omori streaming time'
'VAnon'
'This is no longer a meme groupchat this is a recipe sharing group'
'I never thought you would be either, yet here we are.'
'we laugh at fucking omlettes'
'"So theres this game fortnite"- my 26 year old brother to my mother'
'Youve never made an omlet'
'Q'
'when youre piloting a drone and see a horse minding its own business'
'what the fuck could you say about it besides "i need counseling"'
'he called on me and i just said "you figure it out"'
'The fucking tony stark one'
'The Spanish word for when you get stabbed'
'When the austin is in the group chat'
'Ban him'
'even worse he says the funny word'
'Chas I'm pretty sure you said shawty in my dream today'
'nvm this isnt titan crew'
'lead is about to be troll mode'
'yes'
'And I said are you an ice table problem bc I hate u'
'i remember after her lead speech i saw austin going down the hallways screaming. you know what grinds my gears? FORTNITE'
'The gears of sociopathy are at work'
'wtf smith "and you do know any Q-anon conspiracy theories about me are not true"'
'I REALIZED I HAVE THE SCREENSHOTS OF ME CATFISHING SIRGRU

i know what i am going to put on my diglit slide'
'just woke up swag'
'the my latina wife for today'
'when the kevin is present'
'Worst president ever:

Did not pardon bobby shmurda when he had the power'
'goobers in paris'
'more sunglasses'
'video evidence'
'Set of 5 whips and 5 nae naes 5 reps every other day'
'Hmmm my routine is
Woke up, fell out of bed
Dragged a comb across my head
Found my way upstairs and drank a cup
And looking up, I noticed I was late
Found my shirt and grabbed my pants
Made the call in seconds flat
Found my way downstairs and had a funny
And somebody spoke and I went into a dream'
'dont worry the invisibile hand will make you get up off the couch'
'cant wait to see what fella waggoner has to say about this'
'np'
'Tak'
'#NotAllWyatts'
'"yall got waaayyy too many black people on this stream"'
'I know a few'
'has the stream muted to focus on guitar'
'sai voora is reading mlks wikipedia while this is america plays in the background'
'What an amazing stream. I sure hope no one says among us in the chat'
'bro i have ari and phillip p in my diff eq'
'Sharpen the tip of thy blade not thy dick'
'Meyer: so do you guys have uhh discord?'
'krystian bedroom cam'
'I almost put a screenshot of pol'
'im saving this. god tier reaction image'
'how am i going to explain i was laughing at shakes booty in 3d'
'winged angels'
'Literally on squirt'
'Pussy as fuck for sure'
'the whole chat is about to get blacklisted'
'Man imsa students have really improved!'
'"i havent aged that well it seems..."'
''
'i have biker helmet hair with two twists standing on top of my head and I feel like a fucking anime girl'
'ngl i just want to talk about grubhub stock rn'
'really ?'
'Townsend said today is a Q day'
'and kearny is talking about QAnon in our 1on1'
'when the investment is untrustworthy'
'Ok fuck it im going grubhub too i believe hes gonna say it'
'all i have heard is that someone on 4chan wanted porn of the dancers in the add and now the stock prices are going down'
'My life is like a video gamr'
'ming im sorry but i just straight up lied to your face'
'yehaps'
'no you do not brett'
'i literally have sent like 3 photos to this groupchat yet i see my face like a third of the days I'm on here'
'thats like every white person'
'how is she so cute'
'ming why do you have random ass pictures of me'
'@Brett Johnson'
'"what did you think of when you signed up for this course"- kearney'
'"wuh uh nihao"'
'Who is that man behind Austin'
'why do u think'
'brett x kevin'
'time is a social construct'
'cant wait for my colleges to see my grades and then decide nevermind we dont want you here'
'madon really thought someone would respond to her question "is anyone here gamers"'
'https://live.bilibili.com/record/R1Nx411w7Q6'
'"you see this guy called austin told me to say it..."'
'>pedophile hedgefund 

yes Ill invest in 5 cheese pizzas'
'Yeah i got DRIP. (Dividend Reinvestment Program)'
'when the among is us'
'"if you vote me the grubhub stock will plummet"'
'Uhh Aphrodite was made from the sea foam after Kronos' balls were chopped off and throne in the ocean'
'(in ben shapiro voice) it is physiologically impossible for someone to have 3 mothers'
'just got into the umbara arc but now i have doctors appointment sad'
'I gotta be honest idk how this whole stock market thing works I just thing this could be funny. predict and invest'
'"I'm gay"
-qanon'
'My theory is that since Kevin is against my idea of GRUBbing, and luck tends to go against kevin, that the ceo of grubhub will in fact say the N word on or before February 1'
'i also now dislike saying based and cringe'
'Pretend Leo volkers posts don't exist'
'they cut my man shit up'
'stop saying on grub'
'Women and children first and the children first and the children
I'll laugh until my head comes off
I'll swallow till I burst
ice age coming ice age coming'
'This arc is like watching fucking groundhog day'
'i stopped playing that as soon as it said my wife was pregnant'
'austin become the physical manifestation of the military industrial complex'
'think about it kevin.

1) Joe Biden almost goes to inauguration but God himself descends down and crowns Donald Trump as supreme ruler of all that is holy

2) muslims btfo

3) Grub hub arabia affects profit margin

4) not enough to drown the company

5) profit'
'Q 2 comes out'
'1) grub hub ceo says the n word

2) trump as his final act as president announces he is qanon and nukes the grubhub corporate HQ

3) coronavirus 2 wipes out the market'
'The grubhub CEO will never say the n-word by February 1st'
'decrease the size of your fingers'
'fuck me man my e string broke'
'>they replaced the black luves matter shirts at the mall with among us shirts

We've reached peak post-modernist capitalism'
'"do you know about trollface" - me to eric pan'
'"what the hell is aurora woods" - eric pan'
'dude im sitting here in silencce in the studco meeting and the sans theme is just playing in the background from jacksons stream'
'Trickle down economics.'
'i want a brett looby documentary'
'when the jackson is thick!'
'when the statement is funny'
'these arent even jokes these are just statements'
'>Mother makes meatballs
>She says "Theres cheese in the fridge to put on meatballs
>Instinctively say "When the cheese is delicious"'
'>Taking driving lessons
>He says "When the roadway is wet"'
'dr torres is Q'
'among'
'Whoever it is they are officially retarded!'
'Lag in resl'
'witness me'
'godwin sent this to our gc and we clowned him'
'were they sus'
'august 2021 Aurora woods incident'
'this guy.'
'https://youtu.be/a-QPWmYAj4w'
'That's for you. Anyways. things about steaks and sips my margherita'
'jackson your not in this alone, I got deferred too'
'i am just sitting here with on sight in the background'
'faze massive testcles'
'faze buttsex'
'My genderis Scottish if that makes sense'
'It sounds funny'
'brett do your parents know that you use misleading and dishonest language to morph the discussion in your favor'
'like imagine that i become the hottest chick in the annual cover photo'
'i was laughing so much and i forgot that my camera was on'
'god its so hard to not make the helicopter joke but instead of the helicopter its sus'
'he sexually identifies as not funny'
'Austingender'
'when jaelynn is sus'
'theory: he is schizophrenic and thats why he has us post numbers'
'dont worry ming we'll get him first'
'he literally told me to fuck off todya lmao'
'holy shit aurora woods incident'
'theyve are debating the imposter'
'im going to snap all of your throats'
'Yeah and his name is Q so we can say Q anon'
'that fuck did i just hear'
'When the pretender is mistrustful'
'yo why she build like that '
'sus'
'@Diego Lichel i hate you'
'this motherfucker trolled a whole zoom lobby'
'BRETT'
'Thank you for bring this to my attention'
'my entire family might have the funny virus'
'anything for a fellow minority'
'Ever since the tiktok dog i just dont ask this anymore'
'They hate to see a girlboss winning'
'what the fuck did diego just post'
'some poor kid is getting chewed out by their parents but theyre unmuted on zoom'
'DAnon'
'what does the three prantheses mean'
'the (((kills you))) by (((kills you)))'
'methinks i will change it to techno fascism'
'This is me and @Jaelynn Abdullah playing street fighter'
'no one has ever said this'
'yeah then immediately after we helped a church for 115 hours straight'
'hey guys remember than beach cleanup we all went to'
'imagine your tutor is diego lol'
'I have not slept in 24 hours and i have sea shanties stuck in my head'
'yes.'
'I could make this in minecraft earthpol hypothetically'
'Fucking lego movie head ass'
'this teacher just keeps saying "Q matrix"'
'GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEADGETOUTOFMYHEADGETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEAD GETOUTOFMYHEADGETOUTOFMYHEADGETOUTOFMYHEAD'
'five nights at universal'
'dude jahi is just trolling brink rn'
'Cum mining'
'Dong put my heart will go on on the mandatory intersession playlist'
'i am back in berlin baby'
'still thinking about the force push among us'
'This couldve been me and @Kevin Cordero'
'lets play a game of guess their weight based off a photo'
'at least it isnt eve online'
'eats the new spicy chicken sandwich like an imposter'
'how will carson get a job now'
'never in my wildest dreams did I think Diego would unironically listen to American football'
'pizzagate'
'I probably woke my parents up laughing rn'
'@Diego Lichel'
'Tbh i think itd be funny if trump just started posting on 4chan after hes banned from like 3/4 of all social media'
'golden Freddy after biting off a kids frontal lobe'
'i refuse to think this person exists'
'Mfw after i sniff AOCs chair'
''
'Theres this cook I havent worked with before and we were talking about music and hes like do you listen to pop punk? Like simple plan? and I literally shit my pants'
'Yeah ok i will move to st. Louis to work at panda express'
'Keyed'
'the drake'
'Blocked and reported'
'Me and my brother were playing Five on Zombies right when this started happening, what are the odds'
'thinkin about how these are like people who dont wear masks either meaning they have basically zero anonymity'
'this is me jumping down to the wing commons floor after we go back physically to imsa'
'HOLY SHIT'
'HAHAHAH KLAYBIS IS CALLING HIMSELF Kanon'
'fucked up in the capital building'
'diego is king of 196'
'people are worshipping wabungus by themselves'
'wow! now i understand what carson meant when he said his type is a f16!'
'the sky'
'its the same thing except i go up a few ranks'
'Just took a dna test turns out Im 100% diego lichels biological son please take me back dad'
'I have decided its going to be gay anon'
'I will create a slur but only for diego Lichel'
'duh the founder was named nikola tesla'
'Micheal wave'
'Shakes decreased'
'We need to find out which religion is the real one and then ban all the rest'
'And that is when I see chili mac on an order and say to myself "chili mac demarco"'
'im shaving my hair if i get called the black wojak one more time'
'Theo said palestine on earthpol is becoming jewish'
'currently stuck in gay baby common app jail for an app due in 4 minutes'
'my dad just didnt bat an eye seeing his second born getting cookies in a miniskirt'
'Fucking bryce from diary of a wimpy kid'
'Clone wars = not good'
'bingus! bingus i was only joking!'
'this video brings me copious amounts of serotonin'
'deviantart'
'Tfw no dooley bf'
'So serious'
'and female'
'I like bbc in my ass can I be admin'
'wrong. it is a pixel 3 at least'
'Ok. Decides to buy a 4a tomorrow and stop checking this chat for the next hour or so'
'we pullin up to 1505 with the fucking throne'
'Milf (man i love floppa)'
'cant wait for generation &'
'why is every single location in poland named like a bunch of furries live there'
'TESICLE GONE'
'>claim to be the party of law and order
>party's president pardons war criminals'
'Happy new year kings queens and non binary monarchs'
'dont forget to floss for ninja!'
'Cums'
'thats it #1'
'just had to scroll past my little pony rule 34 but it was drawn anatomically correct to real female horses'
'Thinking about how I heard the line "just because I watch anime doesn't mean..." Uttered today'
'Bruh you headass forgot to breath'
'Shes literally said before "I would never be in a relationship with him, he's too white" and tbh that was actually really funny'
'Oh yeah btw one of my coworkers asked me on a date today'
'Ancient egypt'
'Im mad i cant whoop your ass rn'
'for your dog'
'Thinks it would be funny if I wore flare pants'
'This conversation is about to go downhill real fast'
'Please stop sending me feet porn'
'You have become a quirky teenage girl'
'no way'
'its a psychological assault. no one can withstand such a concentrated dose of the redpill'
'how about we make a gun that shoots metal that penetrates the target and kills through organ damage and internal bleeding'
'Gun that shoots bullets that don't do any physical harm but mentally degrade their target'
'>Try to shoot crackhead attacking me
>He only gets stronger'
'Here's the corpse. The bullet had a message...
"Trolled"'
'shotgun but the shells contain used heroin needles instead of metal balls'
'>shoots gun
>bullet explodes

Fuck'
'thats it your #1 on the fight club list'
'us in minecraft'
'jackson is realizing he is gay'
'eventually half of the server joined in including the owner'
'thinking about wabungus worship night'
'salad days by mac demarco'
'It is nuclear transmutation Tuesday

tag a friend to immediately receive 8000 roentgens of radiation'
'reject leftist wall of text. embrace mac demarco'
'Mando s2 e2 be like:
Giant enemy spider'
'golab tittes'
'sorry the invisible hand gives no refunds'
'We found him'
'I would want my nails painted like my cyberpunk character. Black with flames'
'we passed a grocery store named smiths and my sister said the morrissey store'
'My dad was like they are playing your music and my little cousin was like this is awful why arent they playing post malone or travis scott'
'the sky had a chungus'
'my parents got me an einstein bobble head for christmas and i almost said "einstein was a socialist" but i didn't'
'hmmm anyone wanna watch regular show rn?'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2De4FyocQR0'
'we got the garmadon fit fo today'
'good to know love'
'"Q Anon" was a 4-year sociological study conducted by Harvard University and has been officially concluded. Thank you for participating in our social experiment.'
'The q anon box'
'whole lotta red'
'yo austin is catholic?'
'now that I think about It I kinda wanna get custom vans with jacksons face printed on them'
'sends a comically large spoon to be printed on austin's printer'
'I just saw a spicy chicken sandwich commercial that referenced the memer'
'diego claims to be anarcho socialist yet he holds absolute power in gaza and palestine'
'tbh money pool for firearms'
'ass wet pussy'
'Trollhaps the money iwas going to use to byy books should go to guns'
'imagine it becomes like the 2016 clown thing but with exploding RVs'
'q for quendetta'
'Theres some schizoposting Ive seen that says it was qanon lmao hold on lemme find it its hilarious'
'My mom got one of those house cleaning robots and she named it walter.'
'in more ways than one or'
'What is a futa'
'this looks like cards against humanity but for white upper middle class adults trying to have fun with their children despite not understanding what kids these days enjoy'
'when does the wojak race war start'
'This is my dads sweater'
'Today i will cry to Long Time'
'go ahead, open it'
'okay i realize now that was a poor choice for a threat'
'you mention my sister and the words gamer girl in the same sentence again i will tear you a new asshole'
'lego indiana jones is the funniest thing because it means there is canonically a lego hitler'
'Bowser Palestine got to him'
'stop breathing makes me want to run a whole destiny 2  raid by myself'
'Dude. My grandma was trying to convince me the other day that jar jar binks is canonically homosexual'
'Reminds me of the monster musume pic'
'damn, darwin claus didnt evolve any presents under my sciencemas tree this year'
'>playing family feud with family
>say "steve harvey when he realizes that the bomb can't be defused"'
'hex = six = 666= number of the beast... open your eyes sheeple'
'Idk but All I'm gonna say. If they need people to test it on...'
'You said you were thankful for spindlebopper'
'This is pretty true'
'bruh the FBI straight up has Ted Kaczynskis shed in a storage room'
'i saw a sign that said "wood fired pizza"'
'the bioshock collection, deus ex collection, farcry 3, and the lotr game'
'Trump can still win, read this'
'i dont think ive ever felt more like the hollown wojak'
'a different person just responded to me telling them we dont have orange freeze with: "thats the stupidest shit ive ever heard"'
'I would pay to see jackson throw back'
'"you forgot the other shake, shake that ass!" and i was just like'
'YOOOO I GOT A SHULKER BOX FROM VOTE CRATE'
'Yeah i got rejection letter LOL'
'kind really hooked it up with a 95 on my podcast'
'name one other person who would even give a fuck'
'why did i assume this was from peter right away'
'the fella glasses'
'go to the ikea and buy the assemble-it-yourself k line crate called the hungabungadurga'
'Thinking about deal or no deal but instead when hey open the crate instead of a dollar amount it is just text that says uuu! jjggcv and a glob of unidentifiable substance'
'Maybe rob a train'
'lonliness.'
'Lol in my dream I was playing an arcade game where alien robots were destroying new york and the military was trying to stop them and the background music for that game was death cab for cutie'
'my brothers and i are literally dying over "black people gain powers on the 21st" memes'
'There's a prostitute named the dude in cyberpunk'
'Austin is literally at hazbin hotel rn'
'bro wtf where am i'
'There is only one gender'
'im in a northwestern zoom call and theres a buff dude named chad'
'dude i think you need to go to a psychologist bro'
'Stop looking at gang alcohol memes'
'This is why midwesterners think the world is flat'
'Ok sure make me look like the bad guy'
'Wiz qr jhqwoh ihpgrp wr frpiruw brx diwhu zrun eb ohwwlqj brx uhvw rq khu ods dqg whoolqj brx krz pxfk brx phdq wr khu'
'We need to add "problem?" Under the troll face'
'Israel before and after I trolled them, so that now they can no longer expand southwards'
'bro we got on the news B)'
'getting my license soon lets fucking go!'
'The day you say wabungus while flying a plane is the day you need to die'
'I had to make a callout and I almost said wabungus instead of whiskey'
'Got a 0 for Revisionism cause  miss me with that revisionist shit'
'who opens up with "im not a stalker"'
'This is not as bad as a room inspection from andrea'
'still weird'
'I think drawing a catgirl on the back of bretts laptop in si bio corrupted him'
'when the university that will drain all of your money is sus!'
'if you think hyperpop is good you should listen to Symphony No. 5 in E Minor, Op. 64: II. Andante cantabile, con alcuna licenza by tchaikovski'
'damn i wanna whore myself out to a multinational insurance company too'
'hmm. just saw a group of 5 military guys in uniform walking out of the mall. none of them were carrying any bags, except one who was carrying a Victorias Secret bag.'
'Man I just had like another random memory of this college basketball game I went to in stl where they got some guitarist to do the national anthem and he tried going hendrix mode and failed spectacularly.'
'who is bingus'
'thoes are awesome pictures'
'diego did this with my virginity'
'Everyone on the EPMC server chat after "Fuwungus_Fart_White_Ethnostate4 of the Bongus_Retard_Nation" is founded'
'im not complaining'
'i look him up and hte first thing i see is is tweet that says "i loved big chungus"'
'My brother somehow mixed up panic at the Disco and Radiohead'
'no way'
'a fella woke up from a nap feelin like the fella han solo when he got out of carbonite'
'diego when he sees the marxophone'
'rigby is a tsundere'
'shit that reminds me of that one time i started a kind essay at 5am and it was due at 8am'
'today ive just been adding -enmeister to the end of nouns and telling my family thats german'
'ugh, fine, I gu'
'This bitch is andrew ying, left me $-1000'
'i fucking hate my life'
'Me neither get smelting'
'Yes its like austin when he forgets to renew his zoloft perscription'
'https://www.reddit.com/r/Kill_Her/'
'his intentions are quite evil'
'my dad said yes to a nigasu in parisu tattoo'
'"hmm maybe i do like girls''
'THIS DUDE LISTENS TO SEA SHANTIES'
'bc a fella really just got accepted'
'you need to show the harsh realities or real life, like 2 girls making out'
'I am actually the dominant one in the me Peter relationship'
'i fucking squandered it man'
'i was looking forward to the fight club'
'ok yeah i cant be in this chat, pls dont add me back until i have all my work done'
'soph year: sex hall
junior year: based hall
senior year: ???'
'jackson dooley'
'i literally said "jesus was a femboy fox furry" why the fuck would jesus love me'
'it would be really funny if jackson became a priest'
'jesus loves everyone diego'
'time to learn destiny so i can bag kevin'
'unfortunately girls are people brett'
'What does jesus think of carnal role play'
'nah youre going to hell fym'
'didnt know ming was dr yen'
'yes i am a beta but i am not prone to furry'
'yknow maybe mao was right when he said no more white people'
'chas does have lots of fur'
'yeah i think his name is kevinv'
'>assumes austin is real and not a figment of our collective imaginations'
'Fucking potato levels of communication'
'remember what people said when asked what kys meant'
'all i can imagine is her saying something that's like somewhat apologetic and then austin starts singing the scatman insturmental'
'I broke down during work at started saying keep yourself safe as people got their food and left'
'"austin has 40 gum balls. he has to distribute these gum balls among his 5 family members evenly. how much does each family member get? how much does austin have left over?"'
'boutta go to the nearest mall and just get 10 dollars worth of gum balls and give em those'
'>jackson checks family computer
>r34 lucario'
'Femboys are for nazis'
'when are we going to claim the rest of the area inside the wall I wanna build a mosque'
'hmmm i think i will troll the adchem class today by asking really tough questions for all the presenters'
'>austin'
'you sent this 4 minutes after sending "when the imposter is thick "'
'and the reason im doing bad is cuz I'm also bad at spanish'
'Left to right you got

Aiden Steuck
id
Mei from overwatch
fortnite
lord of the rings girl
kevin
furry'
'me changing the background of my chromebook in middle school when my crush doesn't say hi that day'
'Hes named xxxtentacion'
'man the US needs a political revolution or something soon man im tired of sitting on my ass all day'
'literally drone strikes all of isreal'
'this about sums  up your entire personality austin'
'if you batter your hand in the flour/breading and stuff you can stick it in the deep fryer and deep fry your hand without any pain or skin damage'
'welcome to the wage slave life'
'not really, he has clothes on'
'"why would you say that"'
'I get to use the donkey kong country manual as a primary source im living the life right now'
'This is Austins parents. Austin has died in a horrible accident in which he electrocuted himself using a fork and a toaster. It was in his last will to tell you. And to chas schriber, it says here you get his used, crusty fleshlight I assume he meant flashlight, but nonetheless we need an address to send it to.'
'The governmenr agent who has to read this chat'
'i need videos of austin'
'i know that it existed austin its just somehow I have a better sense of ethics to use it on a minor'
'how any anime character looks when they enter a dream realm where they are naked'
'who wouldve thought the first person to share cp in the gc wouldn't be me'
'Kevin is the ideal human. You can tell from his lack of genetalia'
'Are young'
'cover yourself in arsenic'
'Alexa, enable cereal magnet'
'watch clockwork orange its a documentary on annoying orange'
'craving some ultra violence'
'listen to me golab you must run an engineering course despite knowing absolutely nothing about physics or engineering and also half of it must be remote

the fella golab after completing this task'
'all Im saying. nekopara 4 dropped.'
'also he's doing a 100% completion dylan run'
'Austin im going to kill you if you do one more deepfake'
'does anyone have any full body pictures of mr leahy'
'isn't that called racist? or am i trippin'
'more blackmail material'
'Goes medium'
'you should have said "if your name is Dr. Kind why are you such a cunt"'
'we are at war with israel'
'his poop boutta be delicious'
'this single text started a revolution'
'we need to make a fucking burner website called "enigmas of imsa" and post weird ass shit like this'
'damn quincy's twitch got banned because a girl said the n word over omegle'
'my little brother just got reddit silver'
'he is sad he does not have Hillary Clinton dump truck gf'
'me chas and jackson rolling up to preorder HuniePop 2: Double Date'
'"question. who's bingus?" - angie'
'my mom got these noise cancelling headphones and she just came into my room wearing them "CAN I HAVE SOME OF YOUR GUM"'
'thought this was jackson for a moment'
'White women eliminated'
'hmmm'
'are you guys talking abouhmm.'
'Well, well, well. It appears that Austin is a fellow Vappy fuck connoisseur. However, screw the female version. You get those same ol' two holes in literally everything else. The male Vappy is the real star of the show.

Those long slippery dicks. They have full mobility control with like a tentacle are the perfect ass filler for the ultimate in deep reaching experience nothing else could possibly provide. Naturally lubed at all times due to their aquatic hydrodynamic nature, you can pull off anywhere to the side of the road, or go into a public restroom at the beach. Get each other aroused, and have the fuck of a lifetime. The extraordinary squishyness of the Vappy alone rubbing against you would be enough to lose yourself in pleasure as it simply mounts you. Let alone with that perfect tool of pleasure slips into you, it's ability to snake around your bends and its perfect length make it seem that a Vappy dick was made specifically for your booty. Enjoy the feeling of being completely filled while also being able to see it if you have a tight tummy.

And that's only the dick. Due to having internal balls, they're much bigger and pack a lot more cream to load you up with, along with having muscles around them to make sure every drop comes out while also being a lot more powerful than any external balls could ever hope to achieve, giving you a deep, complete filling to rock your world to your literal core, and beyond.

There's still more though. Due to having a thick, powerful tail connected from their back and front, that means all their fun stuff is on the front and easy to access. Meaning, if you were even comfortable with having your dick point backwards (takes some training), you can be fucked, while also fucking your Vappy at the same time! Me-owth, that's fucking right!

But, but, but! There's still fucking more! Like, holy shit, male Vaps are the gods of fuck. While you're fucking your male Vappy, possibly while also being fucked by him, their booty is on their tail, at the base, which is the thickest part, because that's where the biggest muscles are. This means that while your dick is in there, it's being fucking massaged, better than even a vag could achieve! Agh! It should be fucking illegal because how amazing male Vaps are for fuck!

Well, guess what? That only covered you being a softy, wholesome fucker like me. That's right. There's. Even. F*cking. More! Say you like to be a little restrained. You don't need a Sylveon's feelers for that, or an Umbreon/Espeon's psychic powers, or Leafeon's vines. Vappies got that shit covered too! Did you even see that tail?! It's basically a boa constrictor. In a non sexual sense, it's my favorite part of a Vappy. It's basically their main part about them. But, if you want them to, it can be a super useful tool to enhance your knotty experience with them. Despite the slippyness, you won't be going anywhere if the Vappy wraps you up in that thing.

Are you a super kinkster? Do you like pure fantasy fetishes that aren't possible IRL? Such as, soft vore? Well guess fucking what. It just became possible! They can be solid as they pass your lips (passed where your eyes can see them) and turn into water as they enter you, allowing them to fit perfectly, cuz nothing fits into any spot more perfectly than water, except air, like a ghost type. But, who wants to do knotty shit with air? You can't feel it unless it's moving. You can always feel liquids. Speaking of liquids, even if you're a weirdo who likes digestion, don't worry about killing them with absorption. Eventually, they'll come back out and be able to reform like nothing happened. Speaking of hurting them, if you get too rough, or you're a horrible abusive asshole to them on purpose for your own pleasure (QnQ), they can just turn to water and reform back to their completely unscathed body, making scars or missing pieces a thing of the past!

I would love to say there's even more you can do with them, but the possibilities are damn near endless. Use your imagination. But if you get one, you better show this god of fuck the respect it deserves. Umbreons may be my favorite. But, damn, Vappies really want to get that top spot from me. It's a really close call.'
'Ain terms of male human and female Pokmon breeding, Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokmon for humans. Not only are they in the field egg group, which is mostly comprised of mammals, Vaporeon are an average of 3"03' tall and 63.9 pounds. this means they're large enough to be able to handle human dicks, and with their impressive Base stats for HP and access to Acid Armor, you can be rough with one. Due to their mostly water based biology, there's no doubt in my mind that an aroused Vaporeon would be incredibly wet, so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore. They can also learn the moves Attract, Baby-Doll eyes, Captivate, Charm and Tail Whip along with not having fur to hide nipples, so it'd be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood. With their abilities Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water. No other Pokmon comes close with this level of compatibility. Also, fun fact, if you pull out enough, you can make your Vaporeon turn white. Vaporeon is literally built for human dick. Ungodly defense stat + high HP pool + Acid Armor means it can take cock all day, all shapes and sizes and still come for more.'
'Diego is destiny 2'
'she said "oh nein austin und jackson" and then changed the breakout rooms'
'me when someone says qanon (thats the funny internet man)'
'bruh im doing this college thing for helping talk to people from the schools you apply to and you have to select your interests. they dont have "music" as n option but they have individual genres. but the only genres that are listed is rap, k-pop, and edm'
'becomes a mailman and slaughters 3600 people'
'im playing among us with katie berger'
'i just did the ctrl alt delete guy in real'
'this sentence is giving me an aneurysm'
'damn a fella really just had to say goodbye to his great grandma cause she might not last another few hours'
'oh wait thats just C B)'
'hmm instead of doing my work i will instead elect to do nothing and dig myself into a deeper hole'
'a fella really has an 8 page paper due tomorrow imay or may not have startet'
'what have you become'
'What is the point of living'
'my mom walked in on me watching the "when the imposter is thick!" video'
'How to be based'
'my hairy asshole'
'my huge ass'
'Can I get one of these with jackson on it'
'Just got mcdonalds before school. Swag'
'if i ever get a death note'
'juno from beastars'
'okay but then we get into thick imposters'
'thats the plan brett'
'this chat is getting a little too gay'
'reluctantly releases a small fart *blushes* oops.. I didnt mean to do that...'
'rodrigo is reading ozymandias'
'why tf do we have a political compass for how to interact with people'
'i am the wolf. awoooooooga awooooooga'
'da baby'
'I feel like you should treat each other with respect and not say mean things like that

Cringe!'
'I feel like this is the perfect oppertunity to hear an alana scream'
'jack said "aidens on percs now" right as rodrigo came back'
'jack pinto said i swear they are funnier in person'
'juno the grey wolf'
'tasks'
'almost unmuted and said the fella anaise'
'you need to tone down your idiot levels austin'
'when the imposter is thick!!'
'the funny'
'you're gonna love the ending, he shows up in a fursuit to the fbi and proclaims himself to be the wolf of wall street'
'invest in antifa stock'
'I wish there were a Filipino intercession'
'money losing ai'
'how to invest in venezuela'
'the sponsor is just george soros'
'qanon intersession'
'QNC (Qanon national convention)'
'james guo has been qanon this whole time'
'face del trollo'
'mcdondald del austin'
'anon del q'
'this is what baby yoda is in japanese https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trollface'
'jingle balls'
'(in borat voice) my name qanon'
'Wtf qanon???'
'ok totally thinks we should prank call people as qanon'
'i feel like this would be funny. like call someone who thinks qanon is real and be like "hello, this is qanon. run"'
'>calls the local highschool
>"janon is here. he is coming."'
'anonymous qanon threat'
'>calls austin
>"clown"
>hangs up'
'was the threat actually something or did someone just call and say "there will be clown"'
'Thinks it would be funny if I said trollright instead of alright'
'zero pages an hour'
'it was chill tho, he said he painted his nails once because his gf told him she would give him head'
'hazing the applicants'
'I'm like why are you asking me this? Please take your food man'
'mine is: Oh My God, They Were Roommates (idk if y'all know that one but its hilarious)'
'my massive cock'
'"en garde" headass'
'now he is talking about how the education system is failing third graders bc they cant prounouce words'
'pain absolute fucking pain'
'I like ya cut g'
'what would you do?'
'motherfucker showed me his sliced up arm'
'in this intersession i will use Dialectical Materialism and Social Psychology to prove @meh is the best playboi carti song'
'playboy carti musical analysis intersession'
'hmmmm decides to listen to dababy bc the subreddit was kinda funny'
'he got it to remind him of when he and his friends got high on shrooms and found a crazy lady in the desert who told them an alien mother ship was going to land and take them all away so they got into a circle and started chanting we welcome you'
'Brass monkey.'
'jackson says this while looking at his plantation'
'your birthday, your mothers maiden name, and the street you live on'
'the only thing i can think of is just getting filthy frank's japanese translation of "niggas in paris" on my right pec'
'Us looking at diego when he asks if jackson wants to put on a maid dress'
'Joker anon.'
'j anon'
'meow meow more meow meow meow meow meow'
'wants to type qanon into the chat'
'bad semester to get back into destiny'
'what no the current system is just fine, i love the government and i think they are doing a great job'
'gets a phd in butter churning'
'i had a dream where i said SwaaS, someone said "what is SwaaS" and right before i answered them, austin choked slammed me'
'a fella could be getting a dog in a few weeks like a boss'
'he quoted. The fucking ytp'
'because austin the human fucking being doesnt know how to communicate like a human fucking being'
'me and diego are fans of the radiohead'
'blooby here, FaZe Clan's busiest music nerd'
'what about deeznutstonal'
'@Jay Ganesan Stummy hurt'
'that was my 7th grade bio'
'What is slatt'
'just got accepted to kettering!'
'what a nice intelligent young man surely he should be in charge of 100 other highschoolers'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA8rhf2KVzs'
'yung radiohead'
'a grade'
'playboi carti'
'yung schreiba'
'my rap name is yung qanon'
'Donald trump is secretly executing the elite pedophiles under the cover of a widespread pandemic yuh'
'playboi carti feat. q anon'
'carti is kinad funny i think'
'mr smith'
'i will see you in hell'
'is this the smiths'
'wtf a roneurism flew over my house'
'this is proof roneurism will never work'
'set your bot loose on bunkerchan'
'\'
'krystian get a dataset of the highest 10,000 react scoring messages and train a react whore bot'
'We are talking about zionism and all i can think of is fogel cat'
'hes doing the kevin'
'stop here'
'-beastars
-beastars
-beastars'
'i was stressed a lil bit but then my sister painted my nails'
'horny nigga laundry basket'
'all we have to do now is deepfake our faces into saying these thigns'
'"kevin enthusiast magazine"'
'you've literally said the n word more than twice as much as you've said yiff fun fact'
'COVID-19 appears to have been released by the Chinese government to halt the protests in Hong Kong. It appears effective.'
'the united states should be a crater by then so nothing to worry about'
'Xxxtentacion is now just tentacion'
'he looks like if john oliver was a pedophile'
'my fursona'
'in my first day as USA I will come out as Qanon'
'and when asked for comment u just say "troll"'
'executive order 1) government mandated goth gf'
'this is how usa falls'
'Even if you lose Im still making you secretary of state'
'"sure austin said 'chungle mungle' but diego said 'bababooie' so idk man"'
'cant wait until the 2045 presidential race where it is me representing the GOP (gamer orgy party) cersus Diego Lichel representing the DNC (doge Ninja party)'
'radio head sort'
'wait i can make my own sorting algoritjm. and i could nake it. The funniest, like its not meant to be efficient, only funny'
'sorting algorithm'
'no i didnt apply so i wouldn't compete with you'
'i dont think i know 57 people'
'the photon in my finer optics cable travelling at 299,792,458 m/s through 3 continents and 5 oceans to display an anime girl getting fucked by a tentacle monster'
'tfw jackson says the n word in the sex vestibule'
'im training a conversation with all the messages and for some reason it created a conversation with just you and austin'
'Chas Schreiber: I'm afraid man
Austin McDonald: I know
Austin McDonald: I wish I did
Chas Schreiber: That would be cool if i was still in love with you guys
Austin McDonald: I would do this also
Austin McDonald: I do know that, and I would help him
Austin McDonald: Who can do that??
Chas Schreiber: That doesn't sound like she's a virgin
Chas Schreiber: Oh man I think so.
Austin McDonald: Ok that's what you said
Shakira Alonso: Ok i will help you
Austin McDonald: Ok is that good.
Shakira Alonso: You need help, don't you?
Chas Schreiber: Ok thats really good, but I don't know how it matters
Austin McDonald: Ok how do you know
Chas Schreiber: No i don't know I am talking to you
Chas Schreiber: No it doesn't matter
Austin McDonald: Ok that's ok man
Shakira Alonso: There we go
Chas Schreiber: Ok
Chas Schreiber: So what
Austin McDonald: Ok
Austin McDonald: Ok
Shakira Alonso: And i wont be the one
Austin McDonald: You are my brother, I will help you and help you, and i have been getting a lot of calls from people so i will help you
Austin McDonald: Ok i wanna help you
Chas Schreiber: Ok
Chas Schreiber: Ok it's like the best part
Austin McDonald: Ok man I don't know
Austin McDonald: Ok the man i talk to and he is like ok man
Austin McDonald: Is my brother ok?
Chas Schreiber: Ok it would be cool if i helped him too
Austin McDonald: I think i am
Austin McDonald: Ok but that sounds like he's being a dick
Chas Schreiber: Ok
Jackson Dooley: Ok thats what you said
Jackson Dooley: Ok yeah i will help you
Chas Schreiber: Ok man i don't wanna help you
Austin McDonald: Ok that'
'"Theyve been forgotten about i went to a music hall and every girl i knew was like yeyeyeye trolololooo"'
'"If you dont need robots to do the work thats required, thats essentially slave labour. Under slave labour you make robots do the work because you need it (in exchange for more money), and that robot makes money
Without robots, it would not be a country
Each country has exactly the same amount of robots on the planet, and it is doing exponential times the number of men in positions of power. This is what makes money, it is how man made commodities are produced. This is also the reason why the capitalist system is so insanely stupid. They are doing it because those men in power want power, so they will coup when they get to the border of debt bondage.
This is called Under Capitalism..
They are doing it to overthrow man.
If youve no need for robots then yeah use human labour. But, if you have infinite resources, use only human labour. This is called surplus soil. This is the most stupid thing man.
Without Resources, It
Im sure if forced capitalism were to ensue, it probably would not need as much labour as we need. It is how we get value. If a mine breaks down due to an economy that is surplus, we will use only what we can buy back, and that will be value for us.
Saving capitalism, or forced labour, is what we take out of the economy to make surplus. This is why so many people leave communist countries because of it.. it saves capitalism and enables people to do what they want without fear of labour.
This is why forced labour is stupid. It propies out money from the centre and then people place it where there is no true centre. This means forced labour is the reason so many people left communist countries because it was so unfortunate."'
'"I hate capitalism to the max. I love humanity and its people, but i feel very lonely right now"'
'"I think they will kill me if i stay in america"'
'holy fuck, chas has said it 98 times'
'Shut up'
'some concerning stuff'
'please fucking get a life'
'i woke up and im like "why do i have so many tabs open" and i remember it was because i was trying to connect judaism to xxtentacion'
'what tea is hard to swallow it took everything in me not to say teas nuts'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ucb3Q6d1jyA'
'Ugh, fine, I guess you are my little pogchamp.'
'My dad really just told me in the car that he does pot now'
'ok what if its a white girl'
'i think this would be funnier if it was revised and it ended at the fourth panel but its that picture of the hindenburg'
'yes im secretly a clone of peter and my sole purpose is to assassinate chas so peter can be cd once more'
'iridocyclitis'
'thank god he didn't write up my white supremacy'
'so for one CAB event we are calling it "Furry Friend Friday" and then kevin lim straight up said "yeah i had to write up someone for "furry-related" things"'
'kamehameha nigggaaaaa'
'This the kinda shit that just exists to make white people walk by and say "So true! Godbless America!"'
'jurassic park 3'
'Got a head of fiery hair, and a turbo-charged backpack (Johnny Test)
His genius sisters use him like a lab rat (Johnny Test)
A neat freak dad at home, a super-busy mom (Johnny Test)
The boy's best friend is a talking dog

Three extreme teens and an air-breathing shark
Mega-action, game controller, skating in the park
Pherome booster Bling-Bling, what do we make of this?
Johnny Test
Johnny Test
This is the life of a boy named Johnny Test'
'it would be a shame if someone replaced the water in austin's bottle with gasoline'
'I cant even scratch by ballsack and smell my fingers'
'thank you for sharing'
'>wake up
>frankly mr shankly
>day ruined'
'mfw austin is a level 3 thinker'
'I am become gay destroyer of assholes'
'In 2030 there will be a YouTube video called nostalgic sounds for 2010s children and one will be the zoom join sound'
'YOOOO PERRY SAID SHE LIKED MY PROJECT SO FAR'
'biden when someone asks what he thinks of black people'
'"mom please can i pick up more nigga please cereal"'
'literally made for cock and ball torture'
'boys i know what im doing over break'
'He is mentally sick ming'
'the bung !!!'
'A statistic'
'i am too busy having many sexual relations with your mother'
'>make post on bunker chan
>wait 3 hours
>1 reply
>fuck this going to sleep
>wake up
>203 leftist walls of text

im just not reading this'
'"Who is Hatsune Miku" - junior studco member'
'Chad Looby is the type of fella to say "this is what conservatives go through every day"'
'Chad Looby is watching joker right now'
'Austin. I don't know how to tell you this but this sounds like reddit'
'bruh why is aristotle messaging me'
'he said the income inequality in africa was so bad, it was like "a minecraft noob vs pro video" and i laughed so hard at that'
'switch to chromebook for high performance gaming'
'From  C[redacted]  to   R[redacted](Privately) : does jaelynn know Im high as hell rn lmaooo'
'you cant see your legs in real life'
'just drove past a single yeezy sitting in the middle of the road'
'you must have your head up your ass'
'What is sodomy'
'Exploding diper all over the place'
'Jaelynn. Don't get austin started on this accurate angel gf bull shit'
'Kind of looks like the child of eric andre + jackson but more white'
'eat a massive dick brett'
'get free wifi anywhere you go hold up beww bwa da da dada'
'you got into trouble with security for writing scizo notes and diagrams during the gig'
'Ronald reagan in hell waiting for heaven to trickle down to him'
'@Austin McDonald before you die I just want to let you know that for a long time I thought the guy in your profile picture was black but it was actually just you with a shadow'
'Taylor laughtner isnt in it so they gave shark boy a fuckin mask lmao'
'nor am i'
'larping metal'
'hmm i wonder if austin has maybe had experience with shaving his legs hmmm'
'putting it before economic responsibility is like putting the cart before the horse'
'wie ein bossenmeister'
'>the essay i wrote on bunker chan and instagram on qanon is better than the essay i was supposed to be writing this whole time

why do i do this to myself'
'Im just gonna say "sing mungos mongus deez nuttus your mungus"'
'Mine is about how I use the physics of sound to ruin a man's business and make his life fall apart because many years ago he broke the strings on my guitar'
'probably your own'
'so it is kevin's house'
'what is a tradwife'
'hmm if I always just consider this a hex code my faith in humanity will not fall'
'I'm still in the first stage'
'I just went through al five stages of grief after reading that statement'
'It was not safe'
'dongphys'
'what kind if fucking sitcom do you live in'
'my fucking ex got hired at the panda I work at'
'i saw a credit score ad and i thought it said "reddit score" and i gave myself whiplash'
'this will be peter graphics in 2012'
'the d-o-r-e'
'maybe Marx was partially based'
'i aborted my baby before full term'
'please

go outside'
'its all part of plan...... first they take out my internet..... then they convert me to JUDAISM........ then they feminize me.......... now yuo see.......'
'get free wifi anywhere you go'
'copped the new whip '
'Dog with the hot'
'https://peach.paheal.net/_images/ef01ee9fb746b419eadf9137753053b1/2763623%20-%20Animal_Crossing%20Animal_Crossing_Boy%20Isabelle%20raydio.png'
'Glad we are on the same page with this one'
'>interacting with Peter
no'
'fuck off'
'He was the drums'
'me adding chas to the harambe heaven picture after I brutally stab him in the chest 37 times with a comb shank'
'>wyatt called me unfunny in the political theory chat

blackpilled once more'
'watch it be lundgren'
'qzoingbobber'
'My mom thought i was practicing coming out of the closet'
'"b-b-breast o-or th-h-igh?"'
'id slap the shit out of you'
'time to get a job at popeyes'
'Only a spoonful'
'like all Im saying yoo turn on the fryer and mass cook french fries'
'although I got swag housing this morning, top floor suite with some people I know in a building with some good places to eat nearby'
'why are you interesting?'
'fireflies'
'filipino master prestige is just being japanese'
'for some reason tyler the creator was there and he just came into our room and dropped a new track'
'and then I made kevin film me doing the Walter white gif'
'we went back to imsa but for some reason they re did housing and instead of us they gave 05C down to Matthew dimwittie, a wag, literally nobody, and a sophomore'
'Just found out my parents can hear me talking downstairs on discord at night'
'I only realized after i typed that sentence that your boss could just be jewish'
'oooooo you want to do my cbme quest ooooooooo'
'My mom asked what I had for homework tonight and my dad interrupts and says stanky legus'
'For the love of god austin could you express emotion like a nornal human being you sociopathic neanderthal'
'dea's nuts'
'me after finding out that playing water polo maximizes white girl yields'
'myth: gangsta mario'
'Im on leftypol in gender studies'
'listen to be jackson you must replace dylan on his quest to go two weeks without food or sleep as he is no longer capable'
'hunt showdown'
'is implied to be jewish and bisexual'
'Listen to me, Dylan. The Integration Techniques Quiz is open on GoFormative. It will be available until 10:00pm, Friday, Nov 13. You must finish by 10:00pm, so make sure you start by 9:00pm. You will have one hour to complete it. I copied the instructions that will appear on the test below. Have your tablet ready when you open the test. You are expected to explain your answers in the "show your work" panels. I will NOT be accepting emailed files after you finish the test.'
'just come in with a folder of everything waggoner has said over the past 7 years'
'yeah theyll love wearing a picture of Ben 10 on their crotch'
'I have a meeting to talk about it on the 17th'
'>talked with my father
>good talk, discussed plans
>close door
>realize i left the beastars, miku, and karl marx book out'
'I dont even NEEEED your ham BURger AAAAAAAAAA *inhales burger*'
'which is kinda funny bc he would be the one person i know who needs to have diversity training'
'Religion is cringe change my mind'
'There needs to be more penis use in basketball'
'Tyranny  '
'ok next time someone calls something gay im calling u a straggot'
'Heart react'
'your mom'
'And that's why I have 3 kids'
'pronouns: Bobby/Shmurda'
'gender: different'
'My pronouns are YOLO and swag'
'hey austin 
   
    
   
   
     
   
   
  '
'Kat uses She/They pronouns now, so that means I'm not hetero. Suicide here I come'
'Die'
'hey siri where is the best place at imsa to get knocked up?'
'Jackson I just realized if you named your child Jesse it would also be a dude where's my car reference'
'Sex at eye MSA juniou you bench when'
'@Austin McDonald lusty busty big mommie tiddy milkers funny reddit wholesome'
'straggots'
'The comedian that everybody loves'
'Big Mouth'
'thank you peter'
'Queue a Non'
'hey siri open youtube and play troll song'
'Austin MacDonald these nuts reacted'
'If in asexual, the a- means no sex pls, allo- all o' the sex pls'
'Hey Siri remove that message'
'Oh fuck you stupid bitch oh my God I swear to God I am going to purposefully cause an accident because of you fucking bitch use your blinker dumb ass'
'Also i think if sigma froid was alive hed call me retarded'
'You are nominative'
'hehehe hohoho sex'
'i present myself as swag'
'she boutta hit us with back in my day we used to call every skinny kid a faggot and everyone chuckled'
'After this conversation the gay agenda moves into phase 3 and begins the Trump assassination plot. Unrelated to this, a lizard off the coast of Japan catches a mutated form of Coronavirus and becomes something you might recognize as Godzilla.

This culminates in Godzilla being recruited for the top ranks of Big Gay, and thus begins the recovery arc.'
'ok who the fuck calls lgbt "among us code"'
'I did think this is what my senior year would look like. I predicted this in 2013'
'uh oh they are committing a felony in the zoom call rn'
'If you need a stock for a glock you should not be shooting guns'
'also i cant remember exactly what pointed it out but for some reason it took place in the breaking bad extended universe'
'i think my mom literally tried to make soylent for breakfast today'
'shutays like a melody in my head'
'all i can think of when i see this is when looby tried to edge and failed'
'diego lichel
diego nichel 
diego nigga'
'brett looby
Brett booby'
'austin
autism'
'this dude can only make 4 bonds '
'kevins new name is just carbon'
'overrule, respond.'
'its more like why i only end up with white women'
'We can discuss there'
'you are slowly turning democrat'
'brett do you hold any real opinion that I can imagine not in impact font'
'We all move to matrix after imsa'
'diego so sad to hear you plan on comitting suicide by two gunshots to the back of the head'
'He literally told me to look it up'
'basically yes'
'Im afraid of this actually happening because people who arent in our friend group think we are a couple'
'best bromance, def austin and jackson'
'all da homies voting jaelynn for biggest glow-up on senior mosts'
'we were watching a movie in German once and I just speedran portal 2'
'I have a snap of us olaying femur breaker and meyer not reacting'
'he went full on racist mode in my oop class once'
'mr meyer commits widespread election fraud'
'austin suddenly turns into a giant green greater than'
'Only coders will understand! (very smart)'
'and its west.'
'how do you still have hope'
'07 trees. Noted.'
'currently taking a shit at work and two other guys next to me are trying to see who can shit louder'
'Sent to my gf'
'i had the 05c groupchat open and she saw the picture of wes in it and asked if that was my girlfriend'
'I'm thinking when kids in the future ask me what 2020 was like I'm just gonna say "grant imahara, eddie van halen and Alex trebek all died in the span of a few months... Also I worked at steak n shake"'
'alright but when you see AI-982 banging the fuck out of Z-723, don't come crying to me'
'damn that ass can FART'
'Copped the new whip  '
'replace dick with dick'
'this nigga'
'if you havent deleted system 32'
'Courtney Pringles'
'negaar mcdonald'
'Jabingusschlingoingus'
'tylenol'
'asoingfar mcdo'
'Dylan McDonald'
'Shrek Dooley'
'id make sure he became like a chef so then everytime we make some thing i can say "jesse we neeed to cook"'
'jesse dooley'
'Walter McDonald'
'radiohead schriber'
'Racist cordero'
'tyler ninja blevins cordero'
'Sex Looby'
'osu mcdonald'
'kevin you will have kids and name them bitcoin'
'my kids will be black'
'my kids name. Chaddeus 2.0'
'Chad Schriber'
'gonna name my child chas Schriber'
'Diegos kids are going to be retarded'
'diego just goes "just did a funny" when he nuts'
'no i thibk it would be funny to impregnate someone'
'your country is in peril and the first thing you think of is to make another soldier'
'mustve been some explosive sex ig'
'this kid is being bullied straight from the womb'
'instead of basing discrimination on race we should base it on whether the said person likes youtube poops or not'
'big dick robots'
'one of the comments on this post is an idea cant paint retard and I think that is funny'
'but who is she'
'my nama jeff'
'cum hair'
'esturlid is like "maybe we shouild play osu in titan crew"'
'???'
'ming i literally cannot read you at all I'm just constantly amazed at everything you say'
'yes mistress'
'brett you aren't even fetishizing a race you're being horny over bleach'
'jesus christ man go outside'
'jerry fuckin said monkeys are more advanced than humans but they dont talk to avoid paying taxes'
'Its the marvel tier list making for me'
'You mean playing mandatory among us doesn't help your mental health'
'and you say im bad @Chas Schreiber'
'@Brett Johnson certified gilf hunter'
'also can i just say how much i love white haired girls'
'kind was 1 syllable away from saying "tickled his pickle"'
'we have gone beyond monetary exchange'
'https://youtu.be/pAoDgCF-feg'
'jerusalem'
'kevin be like: by doing small amounts of lsd/psychadelics, i can maximize productivity for generating capital for my boss'
'is she going back to her own country like trump told her to /s'
'Also tadano listens to weezer which is probably the real reason why retsuko broke up with him'
'come on we all know communists get mad puss'
'doesnt that mean you were horny?'
'My mother voted green'
'No gods 
No kings 
Only man'
'i have determined matrix is gay and stupid'
'bekfast'
'My military prep diet is impossible whopper for every meal'
'>gf asked my thoughts on Radiohead

Its over bros'
'Im just thinking about how based a civil war could be'
'>join antifa Delaware LLC.
>Talk to HR about upgrading your plan
>make sure you have your proof of sissy hypnosis and card
>go from there'
'basic logic is warped in diego's paradise'
'i will now ignore when marx stating that I must give up religion'
'This. What you just wrote. I totally agree. Like a chef serving a bowl of stew, you stuck your ladel into my brain and from my incoherent abstract thoughts were able to form the exact sentiment of what it is I was feeling. Down to a decimal of a decimal, more perfectly than I ever could have iterated, you captured the essence of every nuance I experienced relating to the subject matter. No words could portray the awe I felt knowing that somebody shared the exact same thought process as me. Not only that, but with the ability to articulate in such a refined manner the depth of said thought process. No words could describe that feeling. Except one. This.'
'Peter when he sees pandya'
'bro my paypal got flagged once cause i put had the word sex on the message'
'Sorry diego'
'MAJOR CREAMER'
'freedom to buy oil at negative dollars a barrel'
'if you delete this message you are gay'
'dude said "imsa admin please be nice to students"      
message deleted'
'really trying to resist posting random strings of numbers into the chat'
'This is like one of those fascist vaporwave things'
'The flags look like kkk robes'
'how about no women allowed'
'Shes pretty fucking hot'
'yes exactly, one day brett is going to flip'
'the one where he was like " I used to think it was a horrible thing to bring a child into this world"'
'you have lost penis privelige'
'thinks it would be funny to blow my brains out with a 3d printed gun listening to 100 gecs'
'that would explain why diego is white'
'wonderful weather we've been controlling'
'she will use her venom on me if i dont'
'wholesome 0'
'(borat Voice) ma waif'
'cannot wait to commit suicide by two gunshots to the back of the head'
'Went to Best Buy just now and one of the employees described my father and I as Spanish speaking customers'
'that c# note making my pc act quite mischeivous'
'just imagine a wave function but instead of using psi it uses the ddes nuts guys face'
'you see chas the presents trickle down'
'both of you are cringe and wrong i win, admin pls'
'it should be changed to where i am admin instead of looby'
'It should be changed to where if I like any message it counts as 1000 likes'
'does not care'
'Birth. Perfect reason why people should stop reproducing...'
'Emergency airdrop of 6 billion ballots for kanye over AZ and NV'
'What no transitive property does to a mf'
'god i literally asked a dude today if he had a chili mac and a grilled cheese and he deadass said "no i have a grilled cheese and a chili mac"'
'el bretto more hispanic than (white pronunciation) diego!?!'
'https://youtu.be/U-hRogD0URo'
'election ends in footrace to see who will take the napkin off of a table first'
'that sounds like the premise to a shitty sitcom'
'democrats vs kevin, who will win'
'imma edit a wgw electoral college victory real quick'
'why?'
'i have him surrounded'
'hazbin'
'j'
'anal on girl. yes. approved.'
'right after you comes your chinchilla'
'yeah so no'
'ok we gotta talk more or people are gonna wake up to a conversation about bondage'
'i will now beat the everliving shit out of my parter as a sign of love'
'hark and hear my words chas you must get a girl to lick your eye then you shall understand'
'get fucked by the rapid decrease in industrialism'
'this is the biggest cope i have ever seen'
'jackson dooley'
'i feel like if everyone just stopped making everything sound complex for no reason the world would be a better place in general'
'mandate singing big big chungus at 5 am every morning'
'sorry jackson youre gonna take over after diego assassinates me'
'based'
'im making an alt facebook is it ok if that gets added in here'
'BWHAHAHAHAHA'
'so uh austin youve been lookin kinda cute recently'
'its all fun and games until your catgirl patent gets stolen'
'harambee went crazy last time'
'this place is in flint, michigan'
'dr. nicholas cross'
'sonic is the unabomber'
'oc do not steal'
'I'm just glad Evan didn't take my Unabomber quote seriously'
'they will not exist'
'toriel party or the sans party'
'everyone votes for the piss party'
'The only way people live past 50 is by injecting the life energy harvested from babies'
'admin getting another bias report from awag'
'diego i cant explain how irrationally angry this comment makes me'
'If A wag actually gets a bias report filed for me saying people who are okay with racism and fascism are bad I'm going to celebrate.
That's going to be a fun appeal process as I explain why being nice to fascists is a bad idea.'
'Anyone who is killed with a guillotine is, by definition, not based.'
'biden does not remember'
'Imagine being god and being all like, for my first miracle i will increase the market value of this water'
'obliterates you'
'i propose:

monday - white
tuesday - white
wednesday - white
thursday - white
friday - white
saturday - jew'
'The most based meme ive ever seen'
'harvard says im not based'
'Wow kevin Corporate Hellhole #72821 is going to so care now that you got bumped by Diego Lichel the one with a poorly drawn ralsei pfp'
'I can now incriminate Kevin'
'Ok this is now an AOC feet posting chat'
'no just caption it "based"'
'i may have missed two college application deadlines but at least the date on which the chadphone ships is drawing nearer'
'thank you brett i cant wait to click on the link you have provided'
'feelin unlike a money machine'
'>sees diego respond
>assumes gay
trolled'
'You look like a toned down fella dylan'
'this drawing kinda look like brett j'
'Jamie pull up the end of evangelion'
'Based Ming?'
'Unpopular opinion: You should save yourself for marriage.'
'MD FaZe Weed Eater sent a link.'
'i hate reddit'
'finally, time to clock in my 1,500 hours on csgo'
'Just trynna be greek orthodox'
'oh boy i sure do love cognitive psience i sure do hope i am not assassinated for finding out the government is using this to maliciously manipulate the public'
'>northwestern has a cognitive science major
>studies persona 5 in northwestern'
'0.6?'
'my gpa rhymes with three point six'
'almost submitted my common app with my intended career as "other: being cool"'
'I have achieved smooth brain rn, I am feeling koala'
'Why are you fb mom posting'
'little dissapointed that walter never said "jesse what the fuck are you talking about"'
'Because i have a handfull of black pussy'
'Fuck a beaner
Suck my wiener
He's a screamer
And a creamer
Fuck a lemur
Anus dirty
I'ma cleaner
I like old ladies
Fuck a senior
Pussy squeaky
I'ma beat her
Baby raping cult
I'm the motherfucking leade'
'I be playing Minecraft with my thumb on her clit
Two dicks got me horny in like two different ways
Oh shit I just fucked up and I just got AIDS
But my dick is shaped like a rectangular prism
You know I love molesting kids with autism'
'i just served two girls dressed up as chocola and vanilla'
'fuck the police'
'.'
'stepbro?'
'idk i didnt' watch it'
'glory to the people's republic'
'>brett middle finger reacted my image

day ruined'
'ok after careful consoderation, I have decided to not go schizo mode on my essays'
'first person chess'
'pretty soon brett will have a fursona and sell art at midwest fur fest'
'and his submission was "Scary" and he was just himself'
'ein hundert gecs'
'im going to ask symoniak if i can draw yiff for class'
'i love you too'
'politicians b like hmmm i will now take short term profit and leave the consequences to the next generation yeyeyeyeye trolololooo'
'Shut the fuck up'
'Pffft me attracted to white women. Never'
'i think it would be funny if we all bought merch for our top schools and see who gets rejected'
'as if jaelynn whtie girl mob spawner wasn't the first thing that would come to mind'
'oh bruh not like that i meant like a doctor or something'
'dont forget the monkeys'
'me B)'
'privilege to appreciate white women'
'like looby'
'i have the privelige of not being an incel'
'chas just fucking destroyed steve'
'"i went schizophrenic mode and rewrote my whole curriculum for my electronics program, you should join btw uhh"'
'literally calling yourself soy'
'dominos be offering 2 large pizzas for $5.99 then the total is $35.75'
'https://www.eveonline.com/article/qivbsp/two-guinness-world-records-titles-broken?origin=launcher&utm_medium=app&utm_source=launcher&utm_content=en'
'mr breast'
'Austin is just gay luigi'
'Praise Ebony'
'that's how they spawn'
'white women xp farm'
'jackson fucking vanishes'
'it would really suck if austin sent me a zip file of the tron legacy soundtrack over matrix because that is illegal and unethical because corporations are people too'
'ok @Diego Lichel jaelynn lost wgw add him back'
'the'
'That fb post said your event was the wrong day, didnt include a zoom link, and wasnt even approved by student life'
'i keep having dreams about arbys man'
'Ok it's not working out very well I've already seen penis'
'peter'
'my name is now aelynn bdullah'
'prof cordero calls a student gay for turning in work late'
'democrat vs republican is like mac vs windows, theres an objectively better option and it is linux'
'@Diego Lichel finished beastars a couple hours ago, good show'
'less than 24 hours until wgw challenge'
'I have dont no homework and have been listening to I Want It That Way for the past 3 hours'
'antifastonetoss is better'
'luigi's got big tits'
'"i think ill use my credit card"'
'my sister is responding "yes" to open-ended questions'
'Literally'
'chinese internment camps'
'girls are overrated'
'i will alter your genome to make you dead'
'wonderful weather we've been controlling'
'remember the doritos commercial where the girl was getting an ultrasound and the baby was like mmm i smeel dorit and popped out'
'indians control the monkey industry]'
'Sometimes I hate my mind for making images like this so detailed'
'but black girls are black'
'Ur right he should have said black girls are superior'
'Hmm virgin mary mustve had a dumpy for a 14 year old'
'pr*testants be like'
'ay bro all imma say virgin mary didnt feel shit'
'Bc jesus just calls everyone retarded then gives persona 5 plot summary'
'i thought i got a perfect score when i took it in march and walked out with the exact same score as soph year'
'YOO MY LAST SAT INCREASED BY 100'
'lets just say it rhymes with swumbabungachugamatatwopointeight'
'!soyjack'
'ming's in love'
'Me after i write my UChicago essay'
'im the craziest frog'
'we all are gonna be crazy frog color'
'"I have become death, destroyer of worlds"- Fred from the fred movie'
'My mom thinks melania trump has a body double for when she is too beat up by donald to make a public appearance'
'i am proud of myself'
'im just in existential dread mode rn'
'Just woke up.'
'a redditor gets a girlfriend'
'convert mp3 to pdf'
'ok nvm physics cancelled im gonna kill you all'
'The deez nuts, and its antiparticle, those nuts'
'the bruh, and its antiparticle, the 21'
'he is a charming man'
'@Diego Lichel testicle privileges are now mine'
'This is the worst thing youve said'
'margaret thatcher got me actin quite mischevious'
'i finally got a completely seperate from my parents bank account. time to spend my savings on cattail buttplug'
'im not a furry'
'Funnie-one'
'I would probably know it was you guys just because Austin would be laughing uncontrollably trying to order and probably say something like "can I have a uhhh funny?"'
'Istg tho if austin diego chas and kevin showed up to sns I would just leave. Like I'd see them at the window and kevin would be like "hey wage cuck" and then I would just say ok and like walk out the front door and go home'
'"daddy look! i talked to a white girl today!"'
'have it print "youre the soyjack this time" if it wasnt generated'
'go and fuck you'
'someone can be tasked with making a part where francesca just disappears midline and all you hear is an echo'
'i made him gay'
'my dad was talking about my "future wife" for some reason and my mom said "i think you mean husband"'
'"it is my honor to introduce ha t su nay meek u"'
'they have a gun to her head'
'When torres shows up play breaking bad theme'
'sentence mix into say "he was greeted by gusta vo fr i ng'
'"thats because jesus christ is my..."'
'SEX'
'LEON LEDERMAN PRISM'
'jaelynn says *swaaaws*'
'wait if we have the whole stream we can make a ytp of it'
'fuck it, downloads the stream as it is happening'
'why is kind in my physics class'
'Because not everyone can get the latest 32 terashit per megafart card kevin'
'honda odyssey'
'WHY IS IT OLAYING THE GUMMY BEAR DURING THE EPILOGUE'
'THEY ARE QANON POSTING IN BORAT 2'
'they're putting chemicals in the water'
'what if we put a six digit number as our senior quote'
'This is gonna be easy'
'ive listened to 100 gecs for first time today'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgIt77u32Hg&list=RDEMM50Z-lKvmdh8Z_AqXZ2EDQ&index=25'
'wow you know its bad when this happens.'
'marked as important by gmail'
'C'
''
'sanscript'
'and hes just like "so there were some horny teenagers"'
'*inarguably'
'ok fuck it im gonna watch the movie tonight'
'sticks have many uses'
'you know why'
'your platform is just "free gov assigned goth gf"'
'I, Austin McDonald, deny the possibility that I sucked diegos dick in the 05C study room'
'his make a wish was to get on the front page'
'he tried to pull a jimmy and failed'
'ik already passively gaining reacts why not'
'they gave me a glove and it is missing three fingers on it, how fucking hard is it to give me a glove with all 5 fingers on it smh'
'it was just a place where my manager stored his weed and adderall but'
'Someone meowed for me on among us today'
'the latter'
'muh kawaii subservant waifu who never ages and looks like shes 13 years old'
'latina saturday is right around the corner'
'It means awesome'
'perry really gave me an extension if i promised her to get sleep tonight'
'diego make me admin pls i promise its not a coup'
'this broke it'
'college: "sorry we can't admit you, thanks for applying"
kevin: "!soyjack"'
'What neoliberalism does to a mf'
'"finally, time to play some games"
bossman calls'
'ming you get one soyjack per hour'
'That just means he can play skyrim for 1 s'
'i didnt see the caption and i thought you just sent a picture of the google drive logo and lost it'
'*sees someone with an airplane over the sea shirt

"yo a milker!"'
'walat ehite my good husband.. sex??'
'now yuo see... what sosiety has done to me....'
'sie wurde meth kochen'
'this is diego'
'in version 2 there is only 50% chance of the soyjack actually generating'
'fuck you'
'and in the sequel his brother says: "its my destiny... too"'
'my favorite destiny quote is when he kills the guy and says "this.. is our destiny"'
'me rn in political theory watching an animated chinchilla from aggretsuko dance on my screen'
'i woke up from a nightmare to the sicko mode chord'
'Do your notes'
'fuck it. naked'
'ween'
'listening to old kanye for the first time in a while'
'i personally disliked that ine'
'you see goy you have failed to realize i can counter manipulate your react count'
'the react war beings'
'what if i make it a 50/50 chance to dislike you'
'did you really make a bot that dislikes all of my messages'
'MY MOMS CLASS GOT ZOOMBOMBED BY TWOMAD'
'ming do your homework'
'St. Ninja'
'Lord give us our daily dub'
'what's sugma'
'el cum'
'kevin proceeds to create the Church of FaZe and reinterprets the whole bible to prove he isn't gay'
'david lundgren'
'I want one of lundgrens poop facts to just be "you can't eat without shitting"'
'mr meyer just called a girl missy'
'"bruh moment, is that a technical term?" -rettberg'
'lundgren is talking about poop rn'
'Just before the week finished we got blonde #3'
'dont mind if i do'
'damn that's kinda sad, i feel like jaelynn could get laid if he really wanted to tho'
'I jumped out of my fucking chair when i saw this meme'
'Jaelynn isnt the fucking CEO of fast food why do you think hed know lmao'
'I was in the car and my dad says to me "I know a movie we need to watch: borat"'
'Nice to meet you H.P. Lovecraft? Is that your cat! Awwh? What's his name?'
'the school building gets converted to a nuclear bunker'
'torres looking at the niche.com rating and immediately retiring'
'ultimate troll: boss gives me morning shift'
'we need the jackson bruh moment'
'I'm gonna leave'
'Diego is into black furries what'
'you purposely just didnt send the beastars shit did you'
'only at miller grove'
'alternate universe were corona wasnt a thing and yall bought a shopping cart together. communal shopping cart at imsa'
'still no sat score'
'IMSA ITS guy watching as i unload a 3000 terabyte zip bomb onto the school network'
'kevin'
'id just slip and say "nice yiddies"'
'"optimizing breast simulation" a joint paper by Brett Johnson and Brett Looby'
'Yes to better simulate me tearing into that asian boypussy'
'or kik'
'his daughter is hot tho'
'"no bro it has to be made in a lab bro" literally fuck off its not real'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah was rejected by emma when he tried to give her a balloon so he walked into bwing in haled the balloon then screamed "FUCK"'
'everyone knows helium best noble gas'
'mr. dero'
'I assure you record label that the purchase of 30 white strippers is purely for the benefit of my music video'
'too late *bzzzht* computer *zzhttt* deleting all of diego's deltarune porn *bzzzhhttt*'
'no don't do it!!!'
'kevin'
'yeah ming diego is gay'
'The one used to measure your cock size'
'may i pwease have sum pictures of your fine white coochie maaaam. i promise i wont biteee. im one of the good onessss'
'do u even have aids'
'i cant get over it man jackson and his dog are the same'
'*throws arms up in the air
WOOOOOO YEAAA BABY!'
'The racist maga furry got banned'
'Can we just make everything gay again'
'me after dropping a stolen atm on my meth addict husband, brutally murdering him, for calling me a whore'
'detroit medical center'
'marx said titanfall 1 is better'
'Just for hd "shi de famu gong"'
'itll prolly go like this too
>austin turns to goth gf
>goth gf speaks
>"crash into that orphanage"
>unga'
'triple homicide'
'Nah, it's just a third of the space in the box'
'I still have his credit card info'
'Jackson when he defeats sex'
'Oh today i autism moment cause i was like. Acvidently said out loud near my family

"Ay. The gloop go off? Yuh. I york it then i splork it???"'
'jackson and his female coworker after a long night of incredibly rough anal bdsm and genital torture'
'jaelynn i need you to understand that i will hurt you'
'jackson face when le female steak n shake coworker grabs his 12 inch schmeat in the walker-in cooler'
'you look like your dog in this'
'platonic cuddling'
'yo soy mexichad'
'in paragraph 24 it says "diego is a white woman and also he sucks massive penis"'
'If you said this to me in person id be obligated to clock you with a folding chair'
'brett confirmed hes seen whats inside of diegos pants'
'diego you are a white woman'
'after seeing that im going back to working on my game what the fuck'
'im just imagining austin talking in the buzz lightyear mexican voice from toy story 3'
'Austin is probably most white in here ngl'
'Diego youre next on the chopping block'
'ganghaps i emit monsterous amounts of pheromones...'
'I emit swag pheromones'
'"what is goin on" -diego during nekopara sex scene'
'i started watching beastars'
'they seem cool except that
1. they are apple'
'Jaelynn bout to become a (((teen))) porn star'
'just got the funny braces'
'ok so my boss just put me on cooking zone and i dont know how to cook'
'some lady pulled through and said "you need to star in a movie with that hair, id watch it any day with my now divorced husband"'
'zootopia'
'Black ghost'
'Kpop stans when they hear the korean word for "you"'
'why is the amazon day logo weezer'
'    '
'chas is wh*te'
'Plus thats like normal obese not morbidly'
'shes a canon milf'
'cant yall get off to something with a reasonable hip to waist ratio'
'Hey everyone we found the destiny player lets beat his ass'
'Hmm I wonder what their sexualities happen to be'
'These dudes really named their dog Jaxon. I feel bad for the dog for having the objective worse spelling of that name'
'cause hes a soft mexican wolf eboy'
'actually im going on softer drugs like heroine'
'diego has been arrested'
'I GOT THE MONKEY REACT LETS FUCKING GOOOOO'
'Another point subtracted from the rice purity score.'
'Uhh hello, gaming department?'
'everything'
'the image is quite funny'
'my whole family is anti gay'
'me and my coworker are just working on college essays rn at steak n shake'
'Kevins penis dissappears when hes with his family'
'no son put the box back on i need me reddit karma hurr durr'
'from the conversation a few nigjts ago it has become apparent that I need to make it overwhelmingly obvious when im being ironic'
'my mom caught me eating her chips and i reflexively said "oh nooo not the heckin chiperinos!!"'
'you screenshot you get one dicking session'
'AWOOOGA AWOOOGA GOAT MILF PAWGERS
- diego'
'jail'
'yes i would watch diego play nekopara'
'catgirls are subhuman'
'p'
'that makes it even more based'
'a fella really just threw up while working troll face'
'My father is watching "undertale we are number 1 meme" in the other room loudly'
'I like this photo of jackson. its like a POV'
'these are the photos they're gonna use on your amber alert'
'i read this as boofer'
'gustavo fring'
'Fuck it. Miata parked in front of my house'
'the fuck you mean colleges can see your post history'
'bro trust me imma slip and say "qanon"'
'troll'
'and i just realized where my mistake was and it was using 9.8 instead of 9.81 :/'
'Yeah because I was trying to explain how Logan wood was consistently being funny and half the time peter tried to be funny it just wasn't'
'Ok. Why the fuck is troll face the image for normie.'
'Austin calling your sister a jew does not count as critisizing the apartheid state that is israel'
'and then just pulls off'
'no wait nevermind not funny not funny'
'YES'
'Chas has been cancelled'
'I am always correct so I usually don't get downvoted'
'we did it reddit'
'god when have i ever said something controversial'
'it is -1'
'facebook archive data'
'chas lost over 1000'
'austin lost over 500 reacts'
'ok i calculated how many reacts we all lost via changing thumbs down to -1'
'The best thing I can say about my life is that I didn't become Peter, which to be honest, isn't saying very much.'
'@Austin McDonald I think the troll gene is like a recessive gene in your family bc you and your sister just constantly try to troll your parents and I've never seen them be unironic'
'my sister is trolling my entire family rn'
'I'm just lying here thinking to myself: "average israel fan vs average palestine enjoyer"'
'im just going to add diegos house on yelp and report it'
'tell that to chad looby who has cured both of them]'
'so i didnt hear past that, but it did sound like 100 gecs'
'When does austin not go stupid irony mode'
'Literally the fever dreams I had last night were less weird than the shit ive been reading in this chat since Ive been gone.'
'i saw this ine meme that was like "me in instagram scrolling past among us, literal porn, and violent racism to find a funny post to screenshot"'
'i have we are young stuck in my head but its just that one part that goes na na nanananana na na nananananana na na'
'>diego successfully lasts 3 months
>decides to become sexually active
>fucking nuts in 2 seconds'
'Chastity belt'
'Ok i will do this

Excersize or other activity when horny
give brett $5 if i masturbate'
'you mean sexual predator'
'To feel something man'
'ok new solution cover you hands in tabasco sauce'
'whenever you feel horny just try having sex instead of mastrubating'
'so are the people who do sex trafficking of children'
'depends on if they know how to slide hop'
'100% its just mister van horn with a voice changer'
'>just left work
>quest due in 20 mins
>40 minute drive home
>phone at 9%
>cant remember quest ID'
'nevermind kevin's is pretty stupid. "my parent's think that if I'm happy, they will be happy"'
'i personally think it looks gay as shit'
'Jesse did you prepare the cobblestone generator'
'Ok hell yeah we are ordering parts. Today'
'I had a dream i was at an arcade and i wanted to play ddr and it was like weird. I moved to a song, except one was just a picture of big floppa that said "da floppa song" and i was fucking dying laughing when i saw it so i clicked on it and it was crazy. It was like. idk how to describe the floppa song, but it was a slower song, but fast ddr arrows, and some of the arrows were japanese, and I didnt know what  meant so i kinda failed. And then like it was a weird game where the steps controlled a ball, then a monster came out in the game and i fucking died in ddr, but it was bad english. "You have been dead", "You try?"'
'i will fix ur mom with an emergency injection of me B)'
'purely socioeconomic factors'
'Shes not white dw'
'Yeah you go lowkey first date and mutual establish you aren't gonna rape the other'
'ooo ahhh school ooo ahhh extracurriculars ooo ahhh please let me cuddle you i havent touched a female for a while and i need love and affection'
'Taking gf to maid cafe'
'Listen to me brett. I don't care.'
'i sort of need gf cuddle rn'
'Who said you could post a video of my'
'ooga ooga did you just say physiology that is like persona omg ooga ooga'
'Hmm thinks chas is acting like peter rn.'
'Me on my way to drop off my text books'
'hmm yes let me check my database of white emo girls with big tits dancing oh wait i cant find shit'
'those girls were really fucking hot'
'BROOO SOMEONE HAD A CARD THAT HAD THEIR FURSONA ON IT'
'Would I want to hook up with either of you. Hmmmm probably not'
'Yeah exactly. Like jaelynn. Just objectively attractive dude.'
'The fella dylan got jackson actin strange'
'Fuck I retook and got more gay.'
'i have a theory that brett is actually EXTREMELY horny and has hid it'
'youre gay'
'Diego. I don't know how to break it to you'
'Met this new kid. His name is Dylan'
'built different'
'something something masculinity something thing toxic something something satire something something human condition'
'i cant even protest this without losing more'
'fuck you'
'im just not gonna talk anymore'
'stop disliking my shit'
'uhoh guess my unpopular message is gone'
'fuck you buy my chromecast'
'Kevin spoke. -1 react'
'this new -1 react system is going to ruin my lead'
'i got the joke but it was not funny. -1 react'
'ok new emoji recound all dislikes with be -1 reacts'
'i am on probation'
'muh 5 bagillion'
'Everyone gets a swag meal at the picnicmobile'
'Ok. Dont spill it'
'yes, but the obly gears are drive and funny mode'
'hes tired of being cucked by black people'
'Sounds like an aesop fable'
'Just checked. If you look up "white woman spotted" the first thing that shows up is the green text'
'Email sent by the fella Dylan.'
'"who do you kin? nagito?!? *snarl*"'
'Ask him how fat his ass is'
'what the fuck is fogel doing playing eve'
'Positive for my balls in his mouth!'
'a fella really feelin like the instantaneous rate of change of a function'
'i only saw 'feeling like dy' so i thought you said sm like 'feeling like dy/dx''
'@Kevin Cordero ban plane posting too'
'Why are you plane posting in main'
'f35 is the soyboy jet'
'annoying orange was the first vtuber'
'@MikuBot 5000 does your mom know ur gay (yes/no)'
'i had robot sex with your mom'
'white women when their dog dies and cant fuck them anymore'
'need gf cuddle'
'Chas "ha you are mentally ill and have homosexual fantasies"

Austin "Yes"'
'Like the problem is. Austin can not be dissuaded bc he literally fits every stereotype of a right winger and does not care.'
'capitalism is based?'
'ok but he has a dumpfruck of an ass'
'hmmm should i vote for this old rapist with shit policies or this old rapist with shit policies'
'i will convince all of the electoral college to nominate chas'
'Retarded'
'Swaaaws cells'
'Please. Stfu'
'is that jaelynn'
'stop watching anime and playing video games and simping for vtubers'
'No im athiest i dont believe women exist'
'i can not escape'
'i read autism as austin and i thought that was kind of funny'
'only retards pay for nudes'
'In person would be straight up prostitution.'
'I'm gonna be completely honest. I was much happier in my my ignorance of this situation.'
'At least I left the server and stopped interacting with her as much as possible when I realized I was obsessed. Peter doesn't seem to have that control.'
'i asked my german friend for a horror movie in german and she said schindlers list '
'I actually listened to queen yesterday it was pretty good'
'Kevin and jackson'
'you know that one meme that's all like "your homie as soon as a girl joins"'
'Some 20 something really in a facebook gc with highschoolers calling themselves faze clan'
'wtf a girl??? ZOINGA BOOONGA AWUNGA BIYOINNNNGGGGGGG WOWZA DING DING DING DING ARF ARF ARF WOOF WOOF EEEYAAWWW YEESNAW'
'Oh my god.'
'unrelated but i have to uninstall and reinstall zoom it is going insane'
'"proud boys" is such a gay name holy shit'
'Just watched a ytp of the presidential debate and it was better structured and more organized than the actual debate'
'we live in an economy'
'he didnt even fix them he just turned looney tunes up louder'
'im teying to do homework and my dad comes down to the basement and starts watching looney tunes and laughing and every little thing'
'Why did i laugh at this'
'This is so stupid'
'Bruno maroono'
'maroon'
'i thought of it and literally laughed to myself out loud'
'Today is national kevin day'
'Wabunger. Yeah that's some funny shit.'
'any% sexual assault lawsuit'
'My co worker straight up said to me "are you white?"'
'Listen to ne dylan'
'Then he decided not be black'
'brett looby be popping off'
'this is the average synthetic division user'
'I fucking hate shitposters'
'the last thing you see before you die'
'Apply to uiuc'
'1/4 of imsa seniors don't want to go to college'
'we should do like a kek or crinfe tonight on discord with our essays'
'The physics nerds are bragging who has the bigger circle'
'average fermilab fan

Average Argonne Enjoyer'
'WE GOTTA WAKE UP GREEN DAY TOMORROW'
'Biden did better than trump but like they could both be beaten by a 7th grade debate team member'
'literally that debate was just the equivalent of like austin farting and me attempting to beat the shit out of him'
'would be funny to see two retards battling for the most powerful position in the free world'
'Fucking why is music composition not available as a second choice major?'
'peter and diego's goals aren't "SMART"'
'Man theres at least two of em'
'with each passing day, anarcho-primitivism is starting to make more sense to me'
'"Mandated White Girl Wednesdays"'
'god died'
'"explain why your opponent is a blue pilled soy boy beta cuck"'
'I think they should ask:"Who here is gonna stop being a little piss boy and start being based?"'
'I didn't even have a song stuck in my head at work today. It was just two words: "bambingus schlingus"'
'Uzaki chan but jewish'
'Let's say, hypothetically, my sister was anime'
'what the fuck is an integral'
'damn i really have a -3 racial trait'
'How to apply to uiuc'
'fails the interview bc i drop facts about the atrocities the government has committed'
'"NSA" has 3 letters. "gay" also has 3 letters'
'shut the fuck up the government is good'
'They show up to debate and just have passionate gay sex'
'ok but i choose to remain ignorant because it works out in my head'
'case my nuts in your mouth nigggaaaaa'
'Listen I'm going to go to his house and he's gonna invite her over and she just won't show up.'
'literally how 100 gecs formed'
'So i gey'
'fuck you diego and my lack of knowledge on asian culture'
'thats taiwan dollars kevin. thats like $2 usd'
'Trolled i never wanted it'
'learn to code'
'i appraise it 26 cents'
'NOTHING WAS SAVED'
'https://youtu.be/L9_XqskmFsw'
'Diego is significantly more cringe than the rest of this group chat'
'i got an ominous text from chas at 4 am saying "youre next" and now i fear for my life'
'send this to alex waggoner'
'Bruh we trying to play this game in indoor outdoor and the ball just bounced off my door and hit my crotch and rolled under my bed. Fuck this.'
'theyre just sending out mf hitmen to get this kid'
'Its now black queen wednesday, white women have been replaced'
'The grapes of rat'
'senior prank: burn down the student life office'
'I know you are but what am I?'
'tay'
'are you featherless?
>strongly agree
are you bipedal?
>strongly agree'
'Behold a man'
'Its called taxation'
'So disabilities are not funny. But I saw a video of a girl with tourettes, and one of her ticks was "29 gecs" and I just lost it'
'>tfw no'
'i had to kick a possum's shit in while i was walking my dog'
'da vinky'
'this is me is 2022'
'mutilating babies is your thing huh'
'best duos out there:

playboi carti + lil uzi vert
austin + jackson
davinky twins'
'He painted the Mona lisa'
'Ok da vinky is funny'
'furry'
'yeah steak n shake is fucked'
'it is cool i think. it is also distracting me from the three emails teachers sent me asking why im behind on work'
'>begin to think that a co-worker might like me
>Waves at me a lot out of nowhere, makes effort to talk to me etc.
>Think nothing of it I'm probably noided
>She asks how old i am and when I tell her she says "seventeen? Interesting"'
'we have enough data on chas's face to make a 3d model'
'we are just playing among us and they are being like "hehe hoho my pfp is funny haha i sharpen knives" god.'
'upperclassmen showing sophs what imsa is like *has a mental breakdown, doesnt eat for day*'
'Sex = gender? Thats funny, I dont remember having gender with your mom last night B)'
'Like what if. Hypothetically I hated gays'
'sai "dEviLS AdvOCaTe" voora'
'The good cop'
'It's the 05c upquad bathroom'
'diego be like uuuuggg noaaaaabbb ccapingtalis !'
''
'kimi wo i will never leave you'
'Like I'm going to just like have a moment where I black out and I don't know where I was for like a long period of time and I'm gonna think I got abducted by aliens but I was actually posing as a girl and hanging out with Austin'
'Listen austin all I'm saying. Youve never seen me and her in the same place at the same time so. You never know'
'chas's  full legal name is chasungus schribingus'
'my boss really called me and was like "can you come to work at 2" and i said "sorry im busy today" and he said "right but can you come in at 2"

man.'
'its just satan sitting there like eww wtf thats nasty'
'>soy'
'Take her to junior u'
'travis scott burger and a movie'
'he becomes one of the date people at panda express'
'maybe i could get a reservation at dorsia'
'Yeah but do you know how easy it is to just not be attracted to a dead teenage girl?'
'God why am I at the point in my life that I'm excited for my break bc it means I can listen to in the aeroplane over the sea'
'speedrunning'
'imagine he hears "please rise for the national anthem"'
'Frau just asked danny if he's depressed'
'no ma'am please dont bend me over and lay your breasts on my back nooooo'
'hahahahahahah @Jackson Dooley why he look like that'
'ironically'
'@Chas Schreiber trying to not say abby shapiro'
'what do you mean you dont find tf2 gmod videos funny?'
'nominate me and jackson'
'Closet looks like buttcheeks'
'Would be based if we could like all go to a mall together or some shit'
'welcome to a sex-free zone jackson'
'sex, what a strange, barbaric concept.'
'wow slut shaming brett real low'
'God i dont have an image to display how much dread i feel right now'
'And husbands'
'hopefully panda express can pay for childcare'
'The roller coaster pussy got him actin unwise'
'ok what the heck is a wabungus i still do not know'
'full house is literally a mid tier hand retard'
'What hole in the wall i dont see any hole'
'What do you mean this room layout isnt allowed'
'They fly into my mouth when I am a good boy'
'Dirty Dan and Pinhead Larry have a civil discussion about the nature of associations and justice'
'Rosencrantz and Guildenstern'
'man im taking her out to eat this weekend'
'but its yum yum in my tum tum'
'lol my psat 10 score is 540 cause i left midway'
'Hipster gay bloke to  joe exotic'
'1510'
'ok. jean jacket acquired'
'He just keeps cutting out. It's like "ball.... Racket.... The"'
'i think if we were at imsa this would be me except instead of persona fan its just kevin'
'we are going to end up talking about fortnite in econ arent we'
'Sometimes i question why i have the chat open'
'g'
'i think imma start watching jojo soon'
'Fuck you guys lmao'
'cant wait for your loss porn post in wallstreetbets'
'animemes be like haha zero two haha i am a pedophile'
'Ok blue purple red brown dark green everyone remember these colors'
'me rn'
'Fun fact pussy can be used to refer to female cats, but people also use it to refer to weak ass people like u'
'we learning calculus from abc mouse .com'
'my mind really did a joker moment and created a fictional girl'
'Basically the joke going around in the leftist communities is making fun of that weird tweet about rgb u sent earlier with the 8 yr old

"i told my 8 yr old about rgb and she started crying and building pipelines through indigenous housing in her honor "'
'Damn half of austins chats are instagram models'
'I've been replaced'
'"lets say hypothetically im a funny yellow dog"'
'manager greats me by saying "bababooe"'
'me after 1 bite of traves cot burge'
'theres this one guy in my corp chat that keeps unironically posting uganda knuckles and ragecomics and chuck norris posts'
'a tri demic. please shut the fuck up'
'thats how the dude from men who stare at goats was like'
'Studco I'm feeling lonely can you guys play ballistic sim with me'
'alright cancel kevin'
'Bro i hear that from my headphones like 10 ft away'
'/ourguy/'
'this pic gies me a fight or flight response'
'THAT WAS SO FUNNY'
'ok but if i get into an arguement with diego its not my fault'
'and esturlid won as the imposter because no one knew how to do o2'
'if i have to play skribbl one more time im going to off myself'
'Yes goy....... join zoom call............ the protocols are going accordingk to plan oy vey..............'
'if i ever decide to have sex in my house, its the couch or my parents room'
'brett you have become based\'
'Sosig'
'there is no option for "ONL Y WHEN I GO MONKEY MODE OOH OOH AAH A'
'imagine taking that test'
'should i put that i argue with adults if i argue with myself'
'god jimmy is going schizo mode in class'
'just like how the system works in real life'
'No we need Rodrigos kid to have a big chungus strider animal'
'Idk what the fuck Im gonna do for college.'
'Oh my god. I can not believe walter white would say this.'
'I'm downloading eve on steam.'
'I was ranked #1 in my class during my freshman year of high school. I was the only freshman to take a class with a weighted GPA (Pre-Calculus), so I was the only freshman who had rank #1. I regret going to IMSA, because my grades got fucked.'
'the ungendered fit'
'Man these poli theory notes remind me why i fucking hate christianity man'
'o shit waddup'
'imsa mandated sex'
'damn, diego doesnt know the difference between mario and green mario'
'im ironically colorblind'
'+'
'meyer would enjoy watching cuties - rosario'
'atleast you didnt have to prance around like a unicorn for your sister's birthday'
'idk why that's such a surprise if there has been signs of people in uranus'
'youre actually being bluepilled'
'we should make sophs take the schizo test instead of rice purity test'
'this feels like if ww2 happened rn this  would be the propaganda'
'The good ending'
'as i mentioned before there is a parallel universe jay that didnt have to read this'
'something go something fuck something yourself'
'short. About the height of hataune miku, but one inch shorter, weight of both too'
'seeing high quality trollfsce gives me the creeps'
'Dude got fucked so good he is dying'
'my dude is limping my guy'
'They fucking took my background! Cant have shit in Detroit.'
'i mean if we're doing ww2 jackson austin and i can just scream shit'
'he finished dealing these karens and just straight up said "zoo wee mama"'
'screw you @Kevin Cordero'
'reddit destroyed its connotation in like 10'
'Whoever said asked about eve, you shouldnt play games at all. Only study/work. No play.'
'The world is healing now that chas is hcc'
'@Chas Schreiber you got peter overeating lmaoooo'
'@Chas Schreiber congrats on being my hcc'
'mfw i live in 1517'
'nah just for oleary'
'When it is served the employee has to go "yeyeyeyeyeyeyeye trololololool"'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea6JCPUfito'
'HOLY SHIT ABBY SHAPIRO IS STACKED'
'also i think itd be funny if i played bass'
'Everyone is against you austin'
'because i am legal adult i have to deal with the lawyer myself without le parental middleman'
'I FORGOT TO REQUEST SATURDAY OFF WORK'
'its a boy!'
'your phone/computer is now a spider'
'i was like covid 19 more like cockbig 19 and they didnt like it'
'jaelynn gets food poisoning from travis scott burger'
'I MADE $400 OVER 20 HOURS'
'kevin is filipino, thats the 3rd one'
'austin has erectile dysfunction'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSfbCxkxmwQ&ab_channel=TheoSchreiber'
'Get rekt lol'
'damn, so dr torres straight up abandons us during a pandemic'
'Is it true that Snoop Dog is higher than the International Space Station?'
'Literally carrying a torch in a natural gas mine'
'I unmuted myself and i accidentally hit a button on my fart soundbox'
'Join Girls'
'damn ok so i have 3 geology assignments due today that i forgot about'
'after critical reflection, we came down to the conclusion that the plaintiff, and I quote, "did not get the joke"'
'You aren't you when you're horny'
'as the flames rose to her roman nose and her hearing aid started to melt'
'Ok before you guys get any ideas, I am not becoming a femboy'
'How come whenever a female is mentioned I just happen to look like them'
'two of my teachers emailed me asking if I was ok and I have ghosted them'
'Thank you for giving us anime.'
'he was in the b24 squadron that bombed nagasaki'
'all im saying is i dont want my great grandpa knowing i get off to hentai'
'every night i pray to god that there is no spectator mode in heaven'
'this will make sense to everyone in the next 2 days'
'listen to me bugs. you must stay awake for two weeks with no food or water'
'Exhausted chungus'
'jackson. all in saying is i know where you are sleeping tonight'
'bitch'
'you wanna know what i fucking hate. YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT I FUCKING HATE. IVE SEEN THIS BEFORE. ON MY MF INSTAGRAM FEED BECAUSE I FOLLOW AGGRETSUKO'
'in bill and ted 3 kid cudi explains quantum physics'
'UNDENIABLE PROOF that ANTIFA is a TERRORIST ORGANIZATION'
'"Oh, that is a Fortnite dance!" - My dad as I show my younger sister Party Rock Anthem from LMFAO'
'Austins mom said blm has seances with dead people'
'Dude. Ok I mean no offense. But when it comes to politics austins parents just go schizo mode'
'@Jackson Dooley im going to be a steak n shake manager next week'
'okay sissy'
'i once saw a "groyper lives matter" mask and i was this close to beating the shit outta them'
'i didnt notice someone i didnt know was in our house so they heard me screaming into my mic "BLM is based"'
'bruh i had a dream i tried to fill out an application to work at amazon and one of the questions was like "what do you like most about Joe Rogen?" and i was like "when he died" or some shit like that'
'Titan crew just does not have to be twice a week'
'So true!'
'diego is secretly an intern at ABC news'
'oh my god'
'Im gonna win the rap battle diego'
'who won'
'my old password was literally "trollface199"'
'"Joe Casanova, a 23-year-old from Orlando, Fla., also opted to make the pilgrimage with a group. He and a handful of friends were solidifying plans to travel cross-country for the 2019 Midwest FurFest  the largest furry convention in the world, held every December in Rosemont  when they realized that the tree was a 15-minute drive from their hotel." furries at gec tree'
'i got a fucking nord vpn ad in my dream the other night'
'ans then later there was just a fucking death grips concert in the imsa auditorim'
'we were at imsa right. i just fucking straight up built a plane and flew it but i got shot down by the military cause i didnt know how to do the pilotspeak'
'this is how school in mexico is'
'He cannot smell what the rock is cookin'
'i saw a comment that said "the girl bird from rio got me actin mischievous" and now my day is ruined'
'i dreamed that my alarm rang so i woke up'
'hee hee hoo hoo im a hint'
'"OKAY I SEEEE YOU, BUSSS IT DOWN CHAS "'
'And everyone heard'
'There isnt much left of it, so try to make the last bit even better!'
'todays the anniversary of the mike myers/kanye west video'
'i just drank a fly accedentally fuck'
'okay nvm i lost'
'i see no problem with this'
'God we are mentally retarded'
'This is the most obtuse meme I've ever seen'
'if you turn the m in imsa upside down it becomes illinois wabungus and science academy'
'Thinking about sending this to my cac'
'man. shit really do be goin heehee haha mode rn'
'my mother is watching sailor moon rn'
'this kinda looks like mr meyer'
'"Joe Biden is a socialist"
God I wish'
'"u gwaaa wabung buping gawomgus"'
'We should totally prank Diego by making him a horse fursuit'
'fuck the system'
'diego midway turning into a horse to finally become one with his fursona'
'advisor is fogel obviously'
'actually everyone fights chas thats the entire first meeting'
'i am so confused by this chat'
'it is obviously short for theanderthal'
'do you suffer from deficiency'
'hey @Theo Schreiber is your name short for theology? that would be funny i  think. Theology Schreiber'
'Swag'
'i think its crazier im mexican as George Lopez and i still look white'
'fraternity Sigma Alpha Chungus'
'income: mexican'
'certified hood classic'
'he got that belly button penis'
'this is peak physics time'
'i saw someone building a pc in the most autistic way. i literally fucking rofl'd when he put the thermal paste on in a star of david shape'
'what is a vtuber?'
'goddamnit im actually liking 100 gecs'
'and diego for most likely to flee the country'
'I GO TO THE SAME COLLEGE AS SAMMYCLASSICSONICFAN'
'Its either completely silent or we both have to do something batshit insane to keep our attention'
'Being alone in a room with @Austin McDonald is like being intervied by eric andre'
'insemenation any%'
'Thats crazy'
'the classic "Ah, I see" bro i love using that so much'
'there were 13 wiith cyber security or IT or computer network type majors and 2 of them were in texas so those were automatically off the list'
'what you see before austin drops a fat wabungus in your mouth'
'you can send targeted dildo and anal bead ads to people'
'ok so after I got rejected from the reddit corp for tax evasion i got recruited by their arch nemesis corp. I joined and am on their discord call and they keep saying "big chungus irony"'
'all of ours were cancelled'
'I was gonna reply with "nothing wrong with sticking your dick in a bitch, king."'
'@Diego Lichel the only media you consume has anthropromorphic animals'
'there are no white males in my gender studies class'
'Destiny 2'
'oh so space sex trafficking circle, baller'
'kearny's kids be like "WAAAAH WAAAAH WAAAAH wabungus"'
'kearny asked "whats a cool thing about austin" to a sophomore, and he said "he plays a game called eveee online"'
'HE ASKED ME WHAT GAMES I PLAY MAN WHAT ELSE SHOULD I SAY'
'how about. no one has authority'
'I am going to lose my marbles'
'With a bullet'
'man get that shit outta here'
'@everyone you should not be gay @Austin McDonald the trick is to transcend the carnal need for sex and be celibate'
'is this how jackson feels?'
'hmm I have been considering masturbating to anal but'
'brett is doing this but imma straight up post hentai'
'jacob kobayashi's dragon maid'
'Sex is immoral.'
'if they havent kicked me by now i doubt you will get obliterated'
'fuck...'
'Adam Sandlers' Crazy  End  Night'
'mom found the thigh highs'
'hes on a mission to complete every side quest in real life before he dies'
'Me when austin leaves his pen in my room'
'"that girl must be atheist cause she said on god im cute"'
'im going to get fucked. i have just blown of mandarin and im worried im going to accidentally say japanese reading in class because im a dumbass'
'why does my dad have espeon as his profile pic on his computer'
'yeah im lib right but only i get the freedom'
'"what is chad" -eysturlid'
'Wonder how my teachers feel about me contributing to the discussion board at 2am'
'this was when "poop sex" was first uttered'
'Will only lose my virginity if. Tarkus is playing'
'it was under this post'
'https://youtu.be/feyx80koMC8'
'>be pilot
>flying through storm
>go on intercom
>"attention passengers: wabungus"
>plane is then ripped to shreds by high speed winds'
'>be in queue to land at LAX
>see flight in front of me has ID "HH1488"
>soul exits body, plane crashes'
'I dont want my plane to crash just because you saw a callsign that resembles the word chungus'
'Austin if you become a pilot tell me who you work for so i can avoid that company forever'
'spicy nugs coming this fall.'
'false messiah will be like hmm today i will choose my name to be hillary clinton'
'i made you a wuffle'
'This is the utopia of humor'
'imagine trying to explain to a class why the fella dylan is so funny'
'rather be judged by one than judged by 12'
'That meme flows like a dream Like it just goes from one scene to the next flawlessly even though they are totally unrelated'
'I just wanted to say to diego that i dont respect you, or your beliefs, but you are a slippery bitch and i can respect that'
'troll face is making a comeback in 2020'
'I leave for less than 2 minutes'
'normal kevin'
'"haha remember that time my penis was in your ass"'
'"sorry i raped you, kevin"'
'i will violently rape kevin and then feel bad about and repent and still go to heaven. Epic win'
'fuck it we'll settle this in a fistfight next time we meet imma go eat play videogames'
'which is why i am not perfecting myself in this lifetime so i can be reincarnated as the semen that breaches Lily's eggs and i can- alright dead joke'
'diego do we need to outline your beliefs in like a web graph or something because your are just running back on your statements'
'god fuckign damnit'
'Hazbin Hotel'
'i live in spain, but replace spain with illinois'
'fun fact, hugh hefner waited until marriage to have sex, got cheated on, founded playboy and got his bodycount to around 1000'
'OK THIS DUDE 3D PRINTED THIS'
'Kevin when he realizes 4chan is real'
'sometimes i wish i was a dog so i could have sex with a white woman'
'what if kevin is just playing 16D chess and wants us to crossdress to satisfy his urge to have sex with a femboy'
'me walking into a mosque'
'dont matter, he gone now'
'well it involved Chika and something getting hard so I would call it a hardship'
'girls are cool'
'down'
'i will just completely crossdress one day just to piss off kevin'
'i hate thigh highs on men'
'all of you'
'remember when america was racist against irish people lmao'
'why yes. unfortunently most of them. are (((irish)))'
'the a t and t girl. ok fuck off i went to comment section now its them saying "aw nvm shes jewish"'
'no'
'im thinking after i save up enough to buy a keytar im gonna build a gaming pc'
'you also lose your house and kids'
'forget it, its time to fuck your mother'
'hancock has said icebreakers are cringe'
'we should get together and do paintball sometime ive never done it but it seems cool'
'imma definitely hug your murderer man'
'bro I wish my parents would take me to a gun range man i want to experience shooting a gun'
'Yeah ill roll your corpse over when im finished stabbing it'
'Jaelynn wick'
'because im ngl, if one of you guys were murdered, best believe i'm going to be hellbent  on killing a motherfucker'
'mfw no ATT girl to give me coverage'
'ngl i saw someone mention the blend s op so i wanted to see what that was about'
'yaejoon you are like a menace to society at this point'
'"you are looking for a man to fill the hole in your heart. have you heard of a man named Jesus Christ? he can do just that. john 3:16."'
'The cyber with no punk'
'the only major memories i had with alej was MSI, wave check, and when he straight up said "Ayoo Nigga Lamp!"'
'the original mcu movies like iron man and shit used a good mix of both, meanwhile in endgame even the fucking costumes were cgi'
'i think at this point kevin just has a folder on his computer called "faze screenshots" which is just pics of all the incriminating shit we say'
'the letter is funny but the joke that kevin is trying to deliver'
'this one is just unfunny'
'i just thought of the letter t and then i just laughed for some reason'
'she fucking tweeted at mcdonalds complaining about it man. this is not good'
'who is patrick bateman'
'illinois court be like "your fine is $1500 plus court fees" and i will mail them trollars'
'You should have just driven away from the police'
'my sister has a teacher named mr bussy.'
'from this we can keep on sinning knowing jesus will always forgive us'
'Q'
'i like how this can imply you can control your race but not your alcaholism'
'IM GOING TO KILL THEM'
'yeah you wouldnt get it yaejoon your not filipino'
'i now see why you drink soylent'
'i opened a valley granola bar on my bed'
'mm decides to hornypost in main'
'ok gay'
'Hope you guys are doing well!!'
'Yeah but he can come over and sleep there'
'For fucking gaslighting 24/7'
'let's just leave him alone and be kind to him, he's definetly really stressed out rn'
'i fucking imagine "peter, we're so dissapointed in you" but it sounds like lowis from family guy'
'i wonder what word he will yell out of anger'
'SOMEONE BROUGHT UP FEMBOYS'
'bro siri was talking about how her dad invested her whole college fund into telsa'
'"tesla stock too high tbh"'
'Ok man you know we have to get the entire squad to go see that when it comes out'
'ok chas ur my friend. as your friend i am going to tell you this is like the most reddit liberal thing youve ever said.'
'and that seems sketchy as buttcheeks bro'
'just said femboy in gender studies'
'https://youtu.be/z9LNySNS1tc'
'God I'm fucking thinking about mr shankly  night core'
'this is when aggretsuko season 3 comes out'
'Thinking about this car with like three teenage girls who showed up abd they were like being all obnoxious and shit and I was just like. Ok. Then I thought "this is the equivalent to our squad rolling up abd all calling each other bitch repeatedly"'
'Troll'
'I literally showed him hentai soph year and he was like thats pretty cool'
'I can say "I will not gaslight at your school because doing so literally gives me a stroke"'
'is there one for apple phones?'
'monkey me'
'i still dont know how to do custom emojis with beta'
'get spied on'
'also end to end encr*ption'
'hmm do you think peter will be a changed man after this'
'what if we... switched to element..?'
'Is that leahy trial'
'he just ironically called me a jew'
'i read this story about how someone named "ironyman" yolo'd before quarantine and profited almost a million dollars then lost it all instantly by yoloing again after funny bank started printing money to fix economy'
'because the higher anxiety I have the higher the chance for a stroke'
'What song is this'
'dude rodrigo told us to unmute and we immediately started smithposting and roasting yaejoon'
'talking about black cock guy'
'#BlackCocksMatter'
'imagine being an infant and your last name is lundgren'
'ok i was kicked from beta '
'peter somehow chose both'
'brett looby when he joined in kind's class and she instantly attacked him'
'uhhh i said "youre e girl a dude" and then he said "well emma looks like a english teacher" and shit went down from there'
'this is jackson'
'im thinking of the edited convocation thing were they edited out the carson dik part and it would be like "it was all a dream"'
'Hmm maybe I will play league this semester'
'Let's figure out how to do this monopoly shit'
'dude if we all played this together it would be so toxic'
'competitive fnaf'
'like roulette 1v1s'
'Fortnite is a social platform more than it is a game. It isn't about winning'
'Diego you are dumbo'
'im literaly cancer'
'i am the so true guy'
'I'm about to have my worldview deconstructed by someone's body pillow'
'Rick ashton'
'Based'
'this will be imsa esports'
'The only hard rs I care about are the POGGERS in chat!'
'They're about to click the same link one cell down in the spreadsheet'
'ok so all the meetings today are basically in one long zoom call'
'team hamood in cs go'
'I will continue to list what she says'
'dont feel bad, i made geometry dash merch'
'my reccomended is kind of awesome'
'Silence and Darkness.'
'i see now. it was a premonition'
'Dana Ginet saved your sorry ass'
'if you join military you better not fight against minorities and then realize its too late'
'Alex wag'
'diego michael'
'also waive your (ferpa?) rights'
'i feel like im in a webinar where someone is making predictions about stock market patterns'
'bro this is me when i stop taking melanin pills'
'peter after his 12th day of eating nothing but his own semen and ice cubes'
'just find based people'
'maxresdefault (1).jpeg'
'New age rodrick and jerma merged to make that guy'
'mom, dad, i use arch btw'
'this is krystians idea of coming out'
'brett gets carpal tunnel by typing uwu'
'>work next to hot topic
>during lunch rush i get to serve scene/emo girls

later virgins'
'my dad thought this was the best part of the whole stream'
'you asked me what I wanted to be'
'Does sex scare you Jackson?'
'Is that Jackson lol?'
'what picture made his estrogen shift that fast'
'Aw shite I added a pornstar instead of klaybis's sister'
'He said im 5"9'
'show her around and generally be nice to her since I know somebody she's related to'
'I have been studying Chinese cartoons yes'
'No idiot'
'Peter is going around asking if nat is single'
'i mean it was kinda funny'
'bro we homiesexual'
'yes. with diego and jaelynn'
'i just have to go in non idiot mode everytime im on one of those calls and that takes like one hundred percent of my energy'
'im the only one that put false'
'he pulled me aside once in class because i told zach i want to have children by the time i graduate imsa'
'gonna use quirky liberation serrif instead of times new roman'
'kind picked on me the first day of class'
'Having Kind and phillip again hurts'
'lundgren use to read us poop facts every monday'
'ok jaelynn man you had like the biggest glow up ive ever seen'
'yaejoon is so korean his blood clots did a zerg rush'
'haha fits with me not remember stuff due to the stroke'
'God imagine being a woman named comfort'
'sorry i only speak chungular'
'he gradauated from harvard in 2024'
'peter now looks like the kid that screams nigger in cod lobbies'
'what's on his mind rn? everything?'
'hes in my wing man. he said his hobbies are "discord reddit and twitch"'
'wholesome ming'
'fuck off ming'
'I hope everyone has a wonderful school year!'
'"Let me get this straight. There's nothing wrong with your skin being black" Thank god i was woried torres was one of the cringe racists'
'are we getting an ad?'
'the audio lagged and i heard SooooS'
'this is a macroagression'
'THIS IS SO SAD CAN WE CENSOR BLACK PEOPLE'
'Bro what if like white people were enslaved bro'
'"imagone you live on united states of black america" based???'
'I think it's funny that your mom isn't even paying attention to the presentation and is just watching you'
'Bruh, we replaced the IMSA choir and band with a video'
'ok why is dr torres trying to relate imsa to war camps'
'"wabungle chungle dadoquongle zagunga" -torres'
'mom said its my turn to yell the obscenity'
'#LongLiveCarsonDik'
'hi'
'THEY JUST SKIPPED SENIORS'
'My favorite part is move out'
'I think school is a wonderful opportunity for us to be educated.'
'Just learned chad looby had a vasectomy'
'Real life will become a strand type game'
'10:00 am - gaming
11:00 am - gaming
12:00 pm- 15 minute break from being awesome
1:00 pm - gaming
2:00 pm - swag and yolo special'
'you either die a hero or live ling enough to see yourself become jewish'
'dad flew into a rage and broke my computer oh yea yea'
'WHY IS SEMICOLON MAN HERE'
'you cant tell me this image is real'
'We should have gone minigolfing at the gec tree'
'there were also minor irony moments. at least three people payed for their $7 meal with a $100 bill'
'yes, he literally met THE Black King'
'incident number 3:

last guest of the day is a cop.
he orders literally everything on the table. literally all of it. then asks me if there were any riots today'
'incident number 2:

i serve a black guy wearing a george floyd mask, a gold Africa necklace, a shirt that said "i am a black king" and dreads with the red, black, and green flag durag.

when i finish serving him he calls me "his nigga"'
'incident 1

>someone approaches the counter
>go to greet them
>super tired so i cant form a coherent thought
>"what up king what do you want fur essen"'
'when i thought the isma crush was the worst thing ive seen today, i saw an 11 year old breakdown in zumiez because her mom wouldnt buy her a playboy beanie'
'Really wanna play skate 3'
'No man shut up. Everyday I am shuffling'
'my mom walked in on me talking to myself about how bad government is'
'sabotage by beastie boys is based'
'me when i look at kevin'
'you should have just muted and kicked the officer'
'would be funny if I went 380 mph and arrived there in one hour'
'He tried asking what happens when you are persecuted for being conservative'
'Big changes'
'It's not "I have to work" it's "I get to survive"'
'jiliann said add rage comics'
':pepehands:'
'My mom said he sounds like someone people would report for a bias incident'
'IMSA ... your time is up'
'if they fuck this part of the presentation admin is done for'
'If we're talking equity and inclusion, their use of the term "able-bodied" is pretty careless. It originates as a distinction between the "impotent poor" and the "able-bodied poor" in order to define who is deserving of government support and who should be able to work to sustain themselves.'
'min max stats'
'I'm just salty we lost Robert Gross'
'This a conspiracy to reduce staff size by reassigning RC jobs to teachers'
'watching kissxsis'
'Time and time again I find that Diego is mega easy to troll'
'i got clowned by the entirety of the soph class for liking taco bell'
'git gud lol'
'(   )'
''
''
'im talking about eating the green jolly rancher from the green text'
'How is this mf gonna drive'
'@Diego Lichel that was kinky yet based'
'https://youtu.be/KQePZm5QKmA'
'me when someone finally takes my fucking shift'
'the last thing @Smriti Shankar sees'
'Ok jaelynn is old news diego is now on trial'
'No'
'fuck you asshat'
'You worried we were gonna ask her to take your shift for you'
'smacks'
'one time we went to the 1000gecs tree and a girl asked if i had a politigram'
'I like the based parts personally'
'Jaelynn has a bateman level mask for the hoes and a true face for the homies'
'trade a shift cover for sex'
'take my fucking shift'
'yup, imma end it all'
'Love you background'
'like bro just take my shift please dude'
'I still dont like post rockk'
'me when kevin gets diagnosed with alzheimers because he didnt realize he bought the same game twice'
'god one of the sophomores said his interests were disvord reddit and twitch and i nearly shat myself laughing'
'my dad literally called the cop a "massive dickweed"'
'Oh yeah also the fucking faggot cop gave me a court date on a monday in september at 9:30 am 4 hours from where i fucking live'
'"hehe hoho today i will pull someone over for going 7 over the speed limit then zoom off to my next destination at 30 over the speed limit yeyeyeye trololololo"'
'i hate cops man'
'I'm gay'
'please its only 11:40'
'alright so as your new ruler uhhhh, no more roleplay/third person'
'Kind of scared nick Rock is a Zionist'
'1.bc I'm based
2.bc I have sexy funny energy'
'thinks jackson is a tsundere and had a crush on chas'
'What the fuck is a woomy bitch'
'You're a kid you're a squid you're a kid you're a squid'
'Virginity rocks'
'the one rabbit from beastars'
'keep throwing gang signs like this and see what happens'
'decides to not go to titan crew or anything this isnt classes like a boss'
'Diego its your turn to hop over the fence and get it'
'Ok. Fuck target.'
'how would you guys feel if admin chose who was on studco'
'and now i know how joan of arc felt as the flames tose to her roman nose and her walkman started to melt'
'yall tryna do like a senior roadtrip'
'this is me when i try to stribg together a sentence to say to any of you all'
'yes'
'Retard conversation'
'pity react'
'"uh hello? goyim department?" -diego'
'@Emma Hoskins you didnt fucking tell me tampons were grown and not manufactured'
'diego just straight faced introduced jackson as rivers cuomo'
'There is an anti Mexican forcefield for miles'
'kinda wanna learn bass'
'me thinks it would be funny to look like this'
'please shut up'
'he'll just fit right in with the furries'
'youd be like a floating hallucination who plays weezer at my job and i cant tell you to fuck off because i cant let my employer know im schizo'
'dont bring that triangle in this chat'
'you are schizo hallucination all of you are not real so no emotions'
'God I wish my penis was smaller...'
'100% chance of being a straight fucking baller'
'its mine'
'You look like more of a woman than I ever will here'
'Diego i think you're a bitch'
'chas is one of them'
'this is so gay'
'Oh my god. I'm going to kill you'
'atleast 14 hours out my day is music'
'for kevin i just picture him in that grey shirt and blue jeans with the black beating stick in 05'
'I still have nightmares about your muskateer rushes'
'i picture him wiping our asses in aoe3'
'like for yaejoon, i picture him with the blue, white, and red puffy jacket in sodexo'
'Did your stroke make you unable to send full sentences'
'travis bickle club where we just point guns at ourselves in a mirror and say "you talkin to me?" for an hour every monday night'
'Have any of us *really* spoken to brett'
'Yaejoon had a coma epic'
'haha my dad called me gay for not wanting to get rid of my mustache because nobody is going to see me anyway  totally dont want to beat him up haha '
'its all fun and games till the government seiges your cabin in the woods and kills your wife'
'Japan had the right idea'
'my mom would never do that'
'your mom had sex? disgusting'
'everytime I play Californiacation my mom says California fornication and I think its going to put me in a psych ward'
'I JUST DROVE BY A BILLBOARD THAT WAS JUST AN AD AGAINST CIRCUMCISION'
'Ella foes is a miley cyrus waiting to happen'
'Just watched girls und panzer. What the fuck'
'Hahaha... I remember learning hsk5...*cries and runs away*'
'Gang dong college'
'ellen a milf tho'
'guys what if i look like ellen when I'm older. im genuinely scared'
'kevin dancing to psytrance'
'yeah i got terminal ILLness '
'i think we should bully kevin for his musical taste that would be funny i think'
'this was meant to go to "shalom imsa!!" but wtv'
'so i can get infected?'
'sex just out in the open'
'i dislike our wing <3'
'turns on FM radio that is already tuned into Diego's Antifa Propaganda radio'
'do NOT angry react me.'
'proceeds to whip out a lawn chair, strip down to blue stripped boxers, light a cigar, put on sunglasses'
'i almost just left the chat'
'nvm beastars isnt that bad'
'there is no such thing as a Honda prius'
'YOOOO UCHICAGO HAS A FUCKING GRILL CLUB'
'smriti be like... hope you guys like weezer'
'just found out that my mom took surfing as a college credit. what a world.'
'its all fun and games until it links back to white supremacy'
'austin you should write about your last name being mcdonald'
'havent started on my essays :|'
'with 81mg of asprin per day'
'then half of my face started drooping'
'god that's cringe srry'
'thinking about how a mom def slapped my ass'
'Shaved my mustache.'
'idk my manager just said they hired me because i said "im blessed to have this interview," but gl sir'
'inb4 kevin sends the semitism meter'
'tik tok compilations haunt me in my sleep'
'miku in real life'
'ung'
'kids react to : gabungus'
'You called your mom a schizo'
'guys i am only pretending to be schizophrenic haha hehe hoho'
'mariam sent a photo before she sent the happy birthday message, im very scared to open it'
'i officially own pornhub socks and bucket hat'
'my favorite customer is still the 12 year old wearinga virginity rocks hoodie and his younger brother wearing a roblox snapback'
'there was one dude who straight up didnt let me take his order cause i was white i thought that was kinda funny'
'god i will never live down that one day where she asked me what a cuck was in front of the whole class'
'probably memory repression caused by ptsd'
'More like gay simulator'
'>my 18th birthday happens to fall on white girl wednesday

oh yeah, its all coming together'
'Holy fucking shit I got eysturlid both semester this is fucking awesome'
'SMIRTI AND DIEGO IN THE SAME POLY THEORY'
'>be spaced out chopping vegetables
>other three people there were jamming out to some song
>one of them asks me "So whats your favorite song right now?"
>dont want to come off as quirky so i say the first thing that pops into my mind
>"money machine 100 gecs"
>she snickers, says "yeah ok" and walks away
>we didnt speak the rest of the day'
'What did you have to talk to a girl or something'
'Windows good'
'uwuhttps://us.rule34.xxx//samples/1888/sample_486fa8e145509e4e3138c8b2e54cd6a1.jpg?2043089'
'physical pain'
'Also pornhub is bad stop using it they promote child porn thanks thought this gc was fitting to say that in '
'idk man getting addicted to ecigs at 15 is pretty badass'
'i think we just sacrifice jackson'
'be but instead of cracker it is jacksons ballsack'
'HMMMMM'
'Yeah. That's the attention you're getting.'
'I'm going through college mail and every time they say "we cant wait to meet you" brain goes and join the animatronic family'
'bruh i just got this fucking ad'
'my dad really thinks hes funny wrapping my selective service paperwork in a gift box for my birthday'
'my sister is just yelling about 100 gecs now'
'kevin lives in a psych ward'
'I dont really want to talk about this but yeah most porn is fucking wierd pass kn that shit '
'because i need to work on my dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex B)'
'hmmm today i will decide to stop masturbating'
'the anti swag corporation guy got arrested for posession of child porn'
'This will be my family if I ever get a gf'
'Me when the black people finally leave so i can order java coffee with guava at my niche rustic cafe'
'i bet u buy guava at whole foods'
'my younger brother thought only females got acne because they have periods'
'Why couldnt you have been mute instead of color bline'
'Thanks so much for the explaination i really value how much you guys like including me in stuff'
'another one i was asking someone if they wanted to donate to charity and instead of saying "would you like to donate to the childrens hospital of st louis" i said "would you hdha  nfbshgafhlcl nnfbshaghfkkfks"'
'diego it's not moral to lie about service hours and stuff if you end up failing to get them all you could just make fake email under name of someone who is in charge of legitimate stuff and put fake service hours with confirmation email sent to the fake account that you make'
'dr torres when diego is allowed to graduate with 0 service hours'
'ive researched that im fucked B)'
'Shutup horny femboy antinatalist'
'>having children

fail'
'Fuck school. All my homies hate school. '
'I'm in boys'
'Oh fuck off brett'
'6.4 gecs.'
'im just imaging jackson having a 212 GB sound file of just farts'
'@Diego Lichel @Brett Looby @Alana Rock i sent out chinese club email to wang and zhang laoshi with you guys cced.'
'replace all of the gun sfx with the one dramatic boom sound effect'
'Same as it ever was'
'funny guy - chas
racist - kevin
good player - me
bad player - diego
girl - jackson'
'live action role play as age of empires NPCs and jackson and yaejoon just point and we go mmm shi de'
'kevin is just a manifestation of our edgy quirky 2016 selves. he appeared out of thin air on september 7th 2017.'
'Like this absurdist shit isnt sustainable'
'yeah'
''
'i have ascended and become misogynist volcel'
'i show symptoms of both high functioning autism and schizophrenia but i judt be like. "it do not exist" and it dont'
'Diego your autism is life changing'
'cries because dad made me delete the tweets'
'/g/ rate my setup'
'kevin youre gonna go to a rehab center and be like "what the fuck is this? doomer drug circlejerk?"'
'im trying to write a song but i have been playing the same power chord for the last 45 minutes'
'ming have i ever told you that youre the only one who keeps me sane sometimes'
'you should review for your classes if you want to be a productive, positive contribution to society'
'who tryna run an intersession next year on the History of 2B2T'
'might just be peter trying to pass as a girl though '
'the 3D booty scene from ttg showed up in my dream last night'
'every time i get one of those "I PLAYED GIORNOS THEME ON A PUBLIC PIANO YOULL NEVER GUESS WHAT HAPPENED" videos in my reccomended it takes 5 years off of my lifespan'
'why would someone do prog rock'
'You can be a guest feat in my song "Fuck Sex"'
'no more weekly dick inspections ig '
'bruh mans so racist he segregates his eggs'
'its straight semen'
'Last time I cried was when diego made me cry idr how'
'I have been listening to mambo number 5 for 6 hours'
'im just gonna refer to first semester junior as "the fever dream"'
'1738'
'also fun fact, someone submitted a hoco theme that said "nicki minaj" with the description being "nicki minaj"'
'Open source stuff has tbe least consumer friendly interfaces ive ever seen from my experience'
'im being disowned'
'positive for my balls in your mouth you tart'
'this showed up in my dream last night'
'*prints out troll face on a dot matrix printer*

*faxes to everyone in this chat*'
'im going to start saying "you tested positive for my balls in your mouth" now'
'>parents asked me how i was doing
>say "big swag tbh"'
'god i served a 12 year old wearing a "virginity rocks" hoodie today'
'alamy stock photo'
'"we should name our dog dude"'
'stop liking your own message'
'GAO (Gangsta Art Online)'
'I think it's a marketing scheme and gamers will still never be able to spread their genes'
'He's gone mask off, not even trying to hide it anymore'
'Fuck furries, as in SEX'
'stuid horse i just fell out of the porsche'
'thats not how it goes'
'Don't get married and don't have children. Problem solved'
'Thats stereotyping but what i dont know what else I would expect from you.'
'Wholesome pictures so we dont have to look at shit'
'I am ten seconds into beastars and thus us really funny'
'spaces'
'Gerry from IMSA was presenting a serious idea to admin for a cab event and party rock anthem started blasting'
'chesterstone745 opened an onlyfans'
'His audience consists of greasy teenagers and 40yr old dads'
'this conversation is gay'
'after careful considerstion i have named my ideology wabungism'
'>doesnt want to live in a mountain commune'
'whwn yuo com back agane...'
'Shut your muzzle springtrap!!'
'decided to become a boss'
'Wtf happened to this chat'
'some dude just walked by wesring a femboy hooters shirt'
'imma hack in yall chips and play 100gecs stupid horse breakneck remix 24/7'
'apple pie apple cry apple die'
'im going to make a pocket wojak thats just soy wojak and pull it out whenever any of you speak, and repeat what you just said'
'dunno, kinda enjoy the manscaped ads telling me to shave my balls'
'Mexican eboys are just fucking soccer players'
'Three gecs'
'Straps you into your seat and then leaves for five years'
'Hypothesis? Cums on ur tits.'
'Fuck you'
'Think it would be funny to break your kneecaps'
'thinks it would be funny to break into kevins house'
'Decides to grow up in the hood'
'Jackson when i go to your house can we organize a fight club'
'Please stop talking in third person'
'Fuck adoption legalize child labor'
'I like sex. Problem?'
'Zach V'
'you know I grew up in the hood'
'https://youtu.be/0MoQ61ap-CU'
'My friend went to the gec tree and there was a purple rain vinyl as an offering'
'I need another homie so I can recreate Good Burger at steak n shame'
'(us, playing what are the odds)

Diego: "What are the odds chas is funny"'
'we love you ming'
'making shakes at steak n shake is exactly how they did it in that one episode of spongebob where he want to that shake bootcamp'
'Kevin Cordero in real'
'Diego'
'On July 16, 3:00 AM, wabungus has recieved the most google image searches in it's entirety'
'#latinoprogrammer #programmingmemes'
'#appdev #awesome'
'imagine dragons'
'Hope you guys like Weezer.'
'and its been on 1% for 1 hour'
'Humans are just plugged into neuroreality'
'damn obama running a bitcoin scam'
'5 on the AP Comedy'
'someone said the point of 1984 was that good pussy really breaks a fella so now im really thinking about it'
'YOOO  a fella really got hired at da express'
'bro i got a 1'
'panda sexpress'
'haha he looks like u'
'Id love to turn you on'
'Diego run for president'
'@Jackson Dooley this is u'
'when suppressed emotions come back up'
'https://youtu.be/RzxCfLTdO7I'
'Why would you buy a fish'
'me in front of a poloce officer's house'
'Add bront snubis to the gc so his account gets flagged'
'rural america be like schizo posting in real life'
'>walk into subway by myself
>forget im in real life
>see white woman
>audibly say "white woman spotted"'
'I SWEAR I SAW A SIGN THAT SAID " (TOUHOU) ORIENTAL COOKING"'
'NGL i think @Kevin Cordero  was in my dream. I think he kept standing in front of a car. I also went to Obama's house by airplane'
'you dont have to be so anti-semetic man'
'my parents think im conservative'
'you are stupid in addition to being homosexual'
'have you seen the pic where the dude unchecks everything except the cheese and they just gave him a slice of cheese'
'Hey @Diego Lichel the first sunday of every month the bowling ally near my town has furry bowling night. Would that be more fun for you?'
'not fun'
'You ever get that urge to just go bowling'
'I would be elated to know that someone like you is protecting our country'
'just imagine a Ukrainian kid trying to activate one of our EMPs remotely getting hit with an "uwu" before their laptop overheats and fucking explodes'
'an eboy shoe licker'
'I will not eat vending machine food so i will be able to beat kevin at badmitton 100% of the time'
'go drink soylent and watch marvel movies'
'Fitness whole dick in your mouth'
'jackson "perc30" dooley'
'i saw someone submit 120 hours of "house chores" man'
'We'll be peckin lightly, like a woodpecker with a headache'
'whatever im about to drop my fresh album yall wont be ready for this'
'this shows a clear bias towards austin in this chat'
'who else feelin like the currents ball rn'
'and yooo only 8% of people got 5s on the Physics AP'
'i had a dream where bobby shmurda was bobby smriti'
'TRON 3 WILL STAR JARED LETO'
'>mfw no childhood friend whoae now a furry + sex offender'
'ok weezer is not good'
'thinks we should make an incelcore playlist'
'Really, goyim?'
'only female. can get free ipad. men are,,,,,, so oppressed :('
'tfw dad was messing with his bass effects pedals and he turned on distortion and played the less i know the better'
'call this number and ask for a pizza'
'Mask off doomer blackpill'
'ok when i grow up i want to have kids natalism is based'
'Diego you would like this because your gay'
'shut up retard i bet your dad does adrenochrome'
'and then have diego kill my character for pissing on the homeless androids'
'here is my cyber punk world. ro win, i will put you on long journey where the final prize will be a comically large spoon and you will be thrown into a ytp'
'man my rogues whole character is that he was racists to elves'
'im watching a webinar on writing college essays and the dude just accidentally mixed up the words "gamer" and "minority"'
'Ok. Twomad is streaming rn and he is just straight up not breathing'
'i got a haircut and i look like a goddamn beatle.'
'that would be'
'Furry on wall street'
'lets just straight up watch porn'
'This tastes like toothpaste... but your teeth look so clean.'
'Again I would ask why you had your katana in the park but I feel like I already know'
'thats cute'
'fuck yeah, and if congress wants my hentai collection they should just ask instead of passing legislation that infringes on my fundamental rights. I'm happy to share'
'i think my my favourite dialog is " GREATER THAN SYMBOL TFW AKA THE FACE WHEN KEVIN IS FILIPINO "'
'The onion logo marked the beginning of the end for imsa'
'No homo you look fucking hot'
'bruh doing practice english for SATs and i have to read a passage justifying anime'
'then i said "i like unreal better" and from that day on he hated my guts'
'senior confession diegofinally admits he is furry'
'my current legacy is that i got all four rcs to call me ceo of sex'
'person who did 1508 confession wpuld be lit'
'Everyone is gay. It's just true. Literally everyone. And if you arent gay you practically dotn exist. Except for smriti'
'2021 last class to graduate'
'there is a man who bears the weight of this title'
'aw cmon you shoudl have said thanks my cool friend Alana told me about him'
'I'm all lost in the supermarket'
'imsa rp: papa dean glomps you'
'Aww little baby fish didn't get react on social media'
'why do Kalashnikovs cost $10,000 in america plus permit and license fees when i can go to a backwater third world country and get one for $13'
'the only reason i am even slightly charasmatic in real life is because of how much i roleplayed on amino'
'ok who took the name assad_chungus on instagram'
'oh god theyre coming for me'
'i had a dream last night where i was watching youtube the title was like "turning point USA: Eric andre says its illegal to be black" and it was a funny skit where a police officer in a clown suit ignored whites yelling at him beating him up, then cuts to a black person throwing his back then going up the stairs and hes like "did u steal this bike??" "No" Then starts kicking him'
'Especially the part where he is arab'
'youve come out of the shadows to say youve seen kevin eat soy ice cream then dissapear back'
'I've seen kevin eating it'
'Give me all the reacts and we will overtake Austin'
'Austin McDonald reacts: 12200
Chas Schreiber reacts: 7340
Diego Lichel reacts: 6677
Kevin Cordero reacts: 5595
Jackson Dooley reacts: 4853
Alana Rock reacts: 3501
Krystian Szczech reacts: 3471
Jaelynn Abdullah reacts: 3342
Brett Looby reacts: 2715
Teagan Mitchell reacts: 2361
Peter Leahy reacts: 2317
Emma Hoskins reacts: 2183
Jay Ganesan reacts: 982
Brett Johnson reacts: 759
Angelica Ordoez reacts: 739
Smriti Shankar reacts: 705
Ming Huang reacts: 550
Yaejoon Hyoung reacts: 496
Kyle Abend reacts: 345
Sam Schennum reacts: 234
Shae Burnham reacts: 204
Wyatt Wren reacts: 174
Arely Ferreira reacts: 71
Jacob Kobayashi reacts: 64
Arthur Wang reacts: 64
Nate Tamez reacts: 50
Brody Swearingian reacts: 34
Logan Wood reacts: 24
Greg Fitzpatrick reacts: 22
Luca Ciampaglia reacts: 21
Michael Bello reacts: 19
Nat Oliven reacts: 13
Klaybis Asllani reacts: 3
George Granskog reacts: 2
Brooke Bolsinger reacts: 1
Zachary Eness reacts: 1
Rin Kagamine reacts: 0
Len Kagamine reacts: 0
Facebook User reacts: 0
Ivan Anterola reacts: 0
Harold Arriaga reacts: 0
Canon Rank reacts: 0
  reacts: 0
Jose Torres reacts: 0
Tyrdle Fpv reacts: 0'
'your street name is dj autism'
'My sister has informed me that her street name is hood baby'
'Politics is just choosing which circle jerk to spew your goo into'
'except affirmative action does the opposite'
'How the fuck do you know Im here'
'Gotta keep things fresh so i can get those reacts'
'You are shitposting on the other side of the compass now tho'
'yes. everyone in inferior to jews'
'I hate god'
'evryone is inferior to god'
'me when grug starts planting crop so we have to bash head in with rock'
'how about everyone just chill out and have a beer'
'before i go. fuedalism 2 is not based'
'theres like 3 different things going on so imma just shitpost'
'jaelynn is straight till i try and seduce him uwu'
'how about we do an alexander the great and pretty much leave em alone after we conquer them'
''
'libleft cringe'
'id hate myself too if i were a liberal'
'For me a liberal is anyone I disagree with'
'Ok that is all'
'this dudes name in the movie is famugong and it gave me whiplash when i heard it'
'Piracy good.'
'Piracy bad'
'i can be DJ Autism'
'"Welcome back to IMSAFM I'm your host, dj swag, and coming up, another set of exclusively flight by Tristam and Bracken."'
'This made my day.'
'i stg if the "thanks for the great sex" shows up on my card and my parents see it im murdering you'
'among them include: 

happy bar mitsvah
feliz communion
have a good deployment
Youre a junior high grad'
'le kevin has arrived'
'if the amazing world of gumvall creators were like 5% more unstable they would make this'
'mom just called chips "crunchers"'
'kind of want to post this to isma lesbians just to see what would happen'
'as a minority i declare every white person in this gc one of the epic white people'
'my mom is gaming.'
''
'fucking phone interview to apply to mcdonalds'
'they found out about the dildo hole'
'tfw no yandere gf'
'ok actually dont look that up youre gonna call me a furry'
'I want to watch obscure chinese films'
'famugong'
'you need a life'
'Buys Kevin copious amounts of soy for his birthday'
'i got kicked out of my pvp corp cause i was too much of a pimp'
'Me and austin fights are like fucked. It's just me repeatedly smacking him while he says "owee"'
'imsa rage room'
'i read this in the voice of an emo 14 year old sorry'
'our motto is talk shit get hit'
'cash me outside how about that'
'imma open it live on call for you to see'
'oh communist the communist daughter standing on the seaweed water poop and shitted in my pants poop and shitted in my pants'
'EVERY POST I HAVE EVER MADE ON THIS CHAT IS SATIRE. I DO NOT CONDONE NOR SUPPORT ANY OF THE OPINIONS EXPRESSED ON THIS CHATROOM.

Any post associated with this IP is satire and should be treated as such. At no point has anyone associated with this IP ever condoned, encouraged, committed or abated acts of violence or threats of violence against any persons, regardless of racial, ethnic, religious or cultural background.

In case of an investigation by any federal entity or similar, I do not have any involvement with this group or with the people in it, I do not know how I am here, probably added by a third party, I do not support any actions by the member of this group.'
'alternatively we discover theyre laundering money and we can expose them via aufio recordings'
'what if we bugged every single admin room on campus'
'pull my cock im gay'
'Monarchist is like the lowest point on the based meter'
'Life was better in @Sam Schennum room'
'Check out this sick lens I built'
'i realized that adults are just as bad at giving interviews as students'
'you should've said "the joke already happened. it's happening right now. this interview" and then give them the straightest face possible'
'this is to imply that your statement is otherwise unconsiderable of my time'
'The worst cess poop ive ever seen'
'left wing wins again'
'Townsend'
'>old school
>friend

kek'
'mfw the girl from jessie gets me fired for saying guacamole nigga penis'
'i went to the doctors office today and it ended up degrading to my mom bitching about me to the doctor for 30 minutes'
'instead its just indian kids being like 'yo i'm so desi yo''
'bruh i thought this was touhou'
'please dont be high'
'Run for three days, give up, watch somebody else exercise, repeat weekly'
'im tired of seeing women cutting off their dicks every month'
'you should listen to my biology of behavior podcast, darling'
'sweetie youre already gay and go to whole foods'
'ok so we all agree fuck the state right'
'we got that(  -sqrt(2)/2, sqrt(2)/2 ) type beat'
'Ok but I do think seeing a chipotle full of pawgs would be funny'
'filipino whole foods'
'Ok currently applying to oberweis'
'"And, together, were muddling through this crazy puberty thing, and Im completely confident that hell come out the other end a sweet, wonderful young man" - Irene Rock to Alana'
'teehee i saw that pal in hell a few centuries ago'
'You look like Alana, but thats just my opinion.'
'This is something diego would do'
'Id rather be eviscerated by pickle rick than torn to pieces by a gunner with a hard-on'
'I had a dream that diego almost murdered me and your body was a ghost crab (type of crab) and you just kept saying stuff like ok but imagine if you were killed by a prince for being named "aa" I mean that's so close to your name. I was flying and you kept shooting daggers at me'
'yeah sure you're 9000dgo'
'man who tf blood inna car with'
'My dream was like: i saw a post from someone who worked as a pakastani gaurd and he posted a video were the government offered like "foreskin elongation" and like it showed a before and after and it animorphed leafyishere to a gigachad over like dubstep and i laughed'
'today i woke up from my nap cause i laughed too hard at my dream'
'garfield the movie said "and the funnies are here!" and i gain whiplash'
'those target pants better accentuate my ass'
'me n the homies rollin up to catholic dominos'
'my dad just walked in and said "are you winning"'
'Kevin you can be the spacewolf of space Wall Street'
'Ok so there is just a random ass cat in my parents bathroom that I have never seen before'
'Who is grimes'
'No more guiltless masturbating to little girls for you'
'shut up facist'
'I have ALL thr swag'
'Joining the INC makes you a furry'
'be based brett'
'All I'm saying is HINC pretty swag tbh '
'Yes, pray to me servant, I shall rid this area of the horny'
'so i joined, was silent, then left'
'alana 
wallah habibi 
fly high pepe 
HINC 2021
mrs. cigarettes '
'sad xxxtentacion bart simpson edit moment'
'if i get halo infinite and i play "Main Chief" all hell is going to break lose'
'i feel if black people were isolated in thr code community, it wouldnt be about the name "master branch"'
'born to shit

forced to wipe'
'he was watching me play xenosmegma and he was just making comments like "oh shes pretty" "woah thats your sword right? thats pretty cool" "wait there are robots? awesome"'
'i saw two girls holding hands in the park and i sniffed my nose '
'really got a youngin feelin like a homie in a geode'
'guys im not a furry hahaha shes just a hot furry'
'thinking about the time we forced diego to watch nekopara'
'also broccoli and lettuce is based'
'But kale is based'
'Well unlike some of us I've never tasted my self'
'my fella. you literally played omega 3 fatty acid in vegan man'
'ting tang walla bing bang'
'Lets take a concentration of nazis and put them into work camps'
'Damn if it's gay bunker then why isn't Kevin there'
'i have come to realize that tomboy outback steakhouse is also based'
'God I'm just in a perpetual state if longing for sodexo Monte cristo'
'You know I still got to go for milf Denny's'
'plan b: if, in fact, they do take the bunker, activate alcubierre drive and create a black hole that devours earth'
'The PS5 looks like it came from that fucking video with the future consoles'
'since swag is technically an acronym for "stuff we all get", i gave translated it to "zeug wir alle bekommen", therefore the german version of swag is zwab'
'ok'
'Double ended male audio jack '
'Alana can i also have a multimillion dollar loan'
'>believing there is a racial divide and not a class divide'
'>having a political opinion if any kind

cringe. just wanna grill'
'all i can imagine is that receiver is going to be tuned into diego's pirate radio at 3am and diego is just going to say cum with hella reverb unexpectedly'
'hes about to search entire map for last antifa town center'
'THE REASON YAEJOON ISNT ACTIVE IS CAUSE HES STRATEGIC LEADER FOR NAT GUARD'
'National guard obviously going for the muskateer rush'
'my dad fucking came up to me and told me to research obamagate and i asked him what it was an he couldnt even tell me a single thing about it'
'alana are u part of the illuminatic satanic jewish cult plotting to take over donald trump amd are bringing jews to white homeland to disrupt trad life and establish ussr 2?'
'Hyped for led Zeppelin 2.'
'the boys pulling up to femboy hooters with a 20% discount coupon'
'Femboy Hooters on me '
'>mfw coffeeshop idea got me hired'
'i think diego is just too scared because hes going to get slapped with my cock and the police cannot stop me'
'antisemitism is based'
'This chat has the worst fucking discourse'
'all people can be annoying. no matter race gender or sexuality '
'no but he should have'
'toxic masculinity is based'
''
'hee hoo soylent'
'Me after explaining to austin its actually a club'
'hee hoo kevin watch sissy cavedrawings'
'kevin when he invests in the triceritops'
'kevin in paleolithic period be like "hmm today i will invest in brown rock with white spots"'
'Dude my fricking uncle made a post about how he trolled some all lives matter person'
'because u listen to the Doors'
'it turns out i did you mom, can i have your input on that?'
'We dug up diegos old messages from 4th grade and it turns out he picked his nose. #cancelled'
'no! fake news'
'i am sort of done having white people just not admit to being racist at first and in the end call me the n word when they out of arguments. so im just gonna break from social media. lmk if anything huge happens'
'If it's so funny why am I not laughing?'
'should i start ivc post with whats bonkin imsa'
'listen man they chose the name "gamers" they know what they are doing'
'I have one to her name is alana'
'i want them to play a prageru ytp'
'i bet that at an event or something they gonna end up playing a prageru video unironically'
'ok thinks im gonna do a cover of dont speak by no doubt'
'home depot perhaps'
'This guy is just talking about going to rehab and just started listing off all the bills and the guy just replies with "dont forget I had to cover for you, your wife was almost on to us"'
'man im going thru vertigo rn its not fun'
'yall would make beautiful babies'
'Hmm ok if I want gf. I must be racist and completely insufferable apparently'
'Jackson taking notes rn'
'yea but its by people whove only done a single blackout tuesday post so i dont really care lmao'
'u dont fucking deserve that bullshit man no one does'
'[removed]'
'The RNC is now the Renal Calculi National Convention'
'LMAO THEY SAY THEYRE GOING TO DO PRIDEFALL EVERY YEAR AND THEY NEVER DO'
'>gets news from /pol/'
'4chan and Reddit males '
'wait wait what happened'
'what if.... what if it was all a dream'
'mache deine mutter'
''
'jackson now furry'
'youve been a furry this whole time!!!'
'ok then farts then eats diego'
'survives and beats up jackson'
'Giggles then makes eye contact while purring'
'if young metro dont trust you imma shoot yo- BEAUTIFUL MORNING'
'George floyd would still be alive if he staned joongkook'
'Better click faster or you wont go to college'
'astolfo never went to school, but they are really cute now anyways'
'femboy hooters has fallen'
'Fuck it, applied for an epic games internship'
'who has taken. hamood22'
'minorities rise up'
'imo blackout tuesday had extremely good intentions but it got taken over by ppl looking for an easy way out'
'I thought it was today B) but it was actually yesterday'
'Your spirit animal is a fucking retard'
'yeah so then my mom came upstairs and she was like teagan youre not going to say anything more to her and she is not going to say anything more to tou and we are not going to talk about this at vacation your grandmother is very upset'
'Amanda has one son and his name is fucking CHAYTON'
'my brother put the cheese powder and milk and butter in the pasta while it was still in the strainer'
'reddit moment'
'i hate them tho becaude they call themselves ancom, then they go statist but say "oh its not a state, its mob rule" , like stfu'
'Let me summarize the responses you will get

>Go fuck yourself'
'yo who wants to flood pol with wholesome pro lgbt content'
'ah shit nvm he blocked me'
'05c down be like'
'russian people be like "hello my name's sir gay"'
'Too wtf why did tiktok just install itself on my phone.'
'When i was twelve i always thought essay was spelled S.A.'
'Young and impressionable children reading inappropriate books. This is the world today. Violence, alcohol, cigarettes, The Outsiders novel encourages these abhorrent activities. Should it be read by children? No.
	Two pages into the book, and there is already an introduction to violence between social classes. The main character, Ponyboy Curtis, explains the difference between Socials, or Socs and greasers. He mocks the Socs by saying that they get editorials in the paper for being a public disgrace one day and an asset to society the next. At this point, he has not expressed the intense dislike most greasers have for Socs. Ponyboy gets jumped twice in the book. It is during the second jumping that Ponyboy is almost drowned by a Soc named Bob. He is saved when his best friend Johnny Cade(who by this point, you have an emotional attachment to) throws a switchblade at Bobs back, killing him. As if this wasnt detestable enough, they soon run from the law. Due to injuries, they have to return to their hometown. Almost immediately, Ponyboy joins into a rumble. A rumble is all skin fighting. The violence exhibited by this point has reached a disappointing level. 
Throughout the novel, vulgar language and abundant references to alcohol, teen pregnancy, and an indication that having a police record is something to be proud of is prevalent. For example, on page 59, Dallas Winston is being told how Johnny Cade murdered the Soc in the park. He reacted by  not batting an eye when Johnny told him what had happened, only grinned and said Good for you, when Johnny told him he knifed the Soc. In addition to that, on page 139, Tim Shepard, the leader of another small gang, congratulates Ponyboy on killing the Soc and remarks, I always knew you were a good kid. Is having a police record something to be proud of? 
The novel, The Outsiders attaches you emotionally to all of its characters, more so its main character. And he is referred to, by himself, to be the weed devil in the family. He is shown to be an above average(intelligence wise) and sensitive kid. Someone you could be friends with. This clearly encourages you to smoke in the worst possible way. By having someone you admire telling you they like it.
Some may argue that this book is mentally enriching, and is actually is perfect for kids your age. However, with respect, I must disagree. The average age kids 12-17 start to drink is 13 years. The average age kids 12-17 smoke is 15.1 years. That is the age group of kids reading this book. Sure, there may be other influences, but The Outsiders only gives smoking and drinking a wider influence on young people today.
Although an excellent novel for young adults held in the hearts of many and in high regard by others, the novel The Outsiders should not be read by kids under or at the age group of 12-13.'
'thats stupid'
'Someone hacked into my google account and subscription scammed me but guess whos bank account was so low it got declined '
'THE TWO NEW CHARACTERS IN XENOBLADE DE ARE NAMED KINO AND NAENAE'
'i ended up spending 3 hours, connecting to tor network, and setting up a vpn on kali linux just so i can safely search "swag meal mommy made it" on duckduckgo, look at the image on ifunny then turn off my computer'
'I just think about the time we watched the video where. The guy contacted xxxtentaciok through that soul device thing that was just a radio'
'All because I like death grips '
'mcdonalds has fallen.'
'hey are you guys talking about the based riots'
'-Alana, dead at 16'
'sugoi kevin-kun!!!!!! you must be so based and redpilled sama!!!!!! '
'wow my roommate is top post on r/4chan'
'"roshan has a good strat, as the kids say"'
'https://www.facebook.com/1816305025120617/posts/2937401796344262/?vh=e&d=n'
'ok hamood22 not everything has to be chinese'
'What kind of purgatory are we living in where the president is threatening to sign an executive order because hes mad at twitter'
'WILLE GAVE ME A 95 ON THE FINAL PAPER'
'SON: "Daddy, may I ask you a question?"
DAD: "Yeah sure, what is it?"
SON: "Daddy, how much do you make an hour?"
DAD: "That's none of your business. Why do you ask such a thing?"
SON: "I just want to know. Please tell me, how much do you make an hour?"
DAD: "If you must know, I make $100 an hour."
SON: "Oh! (With his head down).
SON: "Daddy, may I please borrow $50?"
The father was furious.
DAD: "If the only reason you asked that is so you can borrow some money to buy a silly toy or some other nonsense, then you march yourself straight to your room and go to bed. Think about why you are being so selfish. I work hard everyday for such this childish behavior."
The little boy quietly went to his room and shut the door.
The man sat down and started to get even angrier about the little boy's questions. How dare he ask such questions only to get some money?
After about an hour or so, the man had calmed down, and started to think:
Maybe there was something he really needed to buy with that $ 50 and he really didn't ask for money very often. The man went to the door of the little boy's room and opened the door.
DAD: "Are you asleep, son?"
SON: "No daddy, I'm awake".
DAD: "I've been thinking, maybe I was too hard on you earlier. It's been a long day and I took out my aggravation on you. Here's the $50 you asked for."
The little boy sat straight up, smiling.
SON: "Oh, thank you daddy!"
Then, reaching under his pillow he pulled out some crumpled up bills. The man saw that the boy already had money, started to get angry again. The little boy slowly counted out his money, and then looked up at his father.
DAD: "Why do you want more money if you already have some?"
SON: "Because I didn't have enough, but now I do.
"Daddy, I have $100 now. Can I buy an hour of your time? Please come home early tomorrow. I would like to have dinner with you."
The father was crushed. He put his arms around his little son, and he told him to "get fucked, I'm trying to make fat stacks. fuck you and your fat ass mom. I'm leaving ya'll hoes."

The dad lived happily ever after.
fuck them kids'
'Its all fun and games when shes laugh and says some'
'Im in a xbox party doin the minecfaft'
'its so that people keep your name out they mouth'
'Im will be hamoodinator57'
'Only white girls cancel shit'
'this is all part of the trap erm i mean friendly social event'
'fender bender'
'HAHAHAHAHAHAHA THE FUCKING EVE ADMINS ACCIDENTALLY GAVE ME 500M WORTH IN ITEMS THEN SENT ME AN EMAIL THAT SAID "whoops we sent you the wrong stuff heres the right things" then still let me keep the incorrect items'
'BC 3'
'ill illegal intervis if I found out new sophs got a fursuit in a/c wing'
'We beating the shit out of furries'
'07 is now the furry hall because diego is there'
'luigi'
'sorry idk any imsa ?? idk imsa. who is that'
'Send him the yo mama so lazy she didn't give birth to you'
'No wonder why your parking sucks'
'Me tryna explain to my mom why there was 3 condoms in my room'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jv8f2B-6zd8'
'Thinking bout how my dad was saying the two of us should cover sublime songs.'
'If you playing Radiohead for your children please leave me TF alone'
'chas has discovered the term roastie'
'Go look at my will'
'@Jaelynn Abdullah after 2 weeks'
'kekvin'
'FUCK ok uhhhh joe Rogan uhhhh Grimes uhhhh steve lacy uhhhh fuckin uhhh Peter Griffin takes a dump in the parking lot of a Kansas dollar tree'
'I totally did that... NOT!!!!'
'oops my toxic masculinity is showing sowwy '
'ocne again to preach against his own kind <3'
'my guy you are white'
'US finally weaponized the "imma firin mah lazar" guy'
'maybe chas was exaggerating a little'
'To step on balls'
'Mom says we get two Christmases if we call toby "dad"'
'divorce?
hehehehheehhehewh'
'reddit wholesome 100 chungus'
'we got the no face torres as top of all time last tome but it was deleted'
'in an SCS interview
Me:"What OS do you run?"
Meyer:"Java"'
'easy. only one test was hard'
'one time i was watching it with my siblings and he said something like "so this is what the mentally disabled watch"'
'I'm not like other girls. I watch filthy Frank.'
'Fuck small talk you tryna make a baby in the Taco Bell parking lot or what'
'Hey ladies when yall get in the tub do yall vagina fill up?'
'  . : '
'>chat is more active at 2 AM than 2 PM'
'Yo they got masks with imsa logos on them'
'mfw jackson and alana say w.h.o is poop 5 times in a row'
'just like what my ancestors did'
'what are you saying i didn't understand that at all'
'one of the people i talked to at my old school just got into eUnited rocket league championships'
'my best memory with jojo was when we were chilling in his quad listening to brock hampton and he just randomly said, "man, your parents must be real proud of you"'
'hmm wait

>school stays closed
>campus services no linger need to be payed for
>more available funds
>torres advocating for school tostay closed

i smell a conspiracy for tores to get more delorian'
'is this how a teacher feels'
'my moms response was deemed inappropiate by a moderator lmao'
'all im saying. discord call tonight'
'i was really fucked today and i was just sitting in bed listening to Daughters on full volume and by mom walked in and thought i was sleeping

then i got up to go to the bathroom and she saw me and she was like "oh austin guess what" and i was just like "i know" then went back in my room'
'when i am 18 i will be a pimp'
'that was a FAT nap'
'I didn't open that shit'
'Rajan showed me a sentence that said nihao but i said ta hao'
'I wish i was kidding'
'man ihave to do three weeks worth of mandarin after this'
'Do i need sources to say the Holocaust happened'
'I hereby grant diego the softcore girl title'
'this 5 page willie paper will be the shittiest thing that I have produced'
'uh, hello? based department?'
'this chat needs sophs...'
'luis is the definition of a life'
'chas was is now in an anchor marriage in america, if he leaves, he is deported'
'john would try to speak but we would alternate saying sex every 2 seconds'
'im about to drop "would it be gay to go back in time and suck your own dick?"'
'Bruh'
'sawg'
'kevin is gonna wake up in a puddle of home made white slime'
'ok we gonna get three walkie talkies. one for da oct, one for deigo/brett and one for jalyly'
'im a faggot'
'07c ten check featuring diego and alexander either verbally or physically abusing each other while brett watches and says stuff like trollface'
'should we replace it with soylent'
'Bruh why did i turned in the earlierst i didnt get friends, hall, or room'
'ethnic cleansing but instead of killing minorities we just say they are white'
'I'm going to get so many complaints but guess what smoke weed every day '
'imagine a soph coming in and seeing my quad, zach, and godwin'
'vivian yelled at me for calling rosario a retard that is the only communication i have had with her'
'homie you know we getting a sleepover with @Diego Lichel @Jaelynn Abdullah and brett as soon as possible'
'Papercutted clit'
'bitches kneel at the sight of 2D cock'
'im imagining this being screamed into a mic by wizard'
'I PLAYED ASSIGNMENT ROULETTE AND WON IM NOT EVEN GONNA GET TO PRESENT TODAY AND I DIDNT EVEN DO IT'
'peter leahy tuesday december 17th 4:08 pm'
'Instead of pee is stored in the balls cum is stored in jacksons ass'
'da tar'
'kevin is an abg'
'Arterial blood gas test'
'Cut to diego waking up at 6:00am Tomorrow'
'imsa used tax dollars to get cut outs of these men.'
'Re tar'
'let me see it chas i now consider myself audio equipment expert'
'hmm today i will explore abyssal deadspace in eve online instead of doing my takehome'
'I just put a jpg of my gf on my tv while i ate'
'am done with this dummie skool lel XD'
'That sounds like a good song title i think'
'Thinking of Diego'
'i will beat up whoever disliked funny laugh studio'
'i was gonna add a monstercat visualizer and post it'
'Neo I need you to hack into the matrix neo'
'"Its still not gay if it's in a two way, so will you go to homecoming with me?"'
'delete that please god fuck me'
'Chas when school work: 



Chas when female does something remotely unexpected:

*spongedoodle noises*'
'ok here is wolfram info:

username: austinmcdonald0805@gmail.com
password: JacksonHasAHugePenis69'
'Saved it'
'1 jew'
'Im talking about Raman Nat Alana threesome'
'papi soto demolished the bridge'
'You got le child bearing hips kevster'
'Fuck it im wearing hijab'
'that ap test was beyond ez'
'I haven't experienced Meyer yet, is that a good thing?'
'The pastel goth girl (you)'
'FRAU JUST TOLD PETER TO TAKE A PROZAC'
'remember the time like the first week of school when we tied kevin to my bed and forced him to watch us play undertale?'
'kevin is kleptosexual'
'mfw alana sends another quirky funny'
'there was a girl in hs who would draw Bendy on the whiteboard (irrelevant) that would hiss at people and scream "IM GOING TO PEE ON YOU" i feel like this was Alana'
'tourettes but instead of swearing you just say 2016 youtuber mannerisms'
'im thinkin bout wearing these like a bandolier'
'man the semicolon man post got removed'
'Brett isnt even at shivang irony'
'there is no easter bunny. there is no tooth fairy. and there is no cantonese rock goddess gf'
'Jarvis, take their arument, attatch it to wojak, send'
'Conservative.'
'ok i replied where are my funny points hairy man'
'my fucking laptop runs better than it now'
'bro tell me why as soon as i finish my ap study fo tonight i hear boondocks'
'Tell her smoking cigarettes is a really 80's aesthetic'
'white'
'im a man of truth, i will not stand by while someone belittles my joystick'
'"bro im not gay i swear, tell them how big my dick is"'
'they are rarted they dont deserve sympathy'
'Youll get the d later'
'Chas used to be black'
'Wish it was 2010'
'Social distancing fail'
'kevin reminds me of this asian kid ethan Blankenship that sat on the bike next to me and went "so what do you think about Trump"'
'everyone just knew me because i was black, did football, and was the only black kid in my honor/ap classes lmao'
'But yeah downstate kids have it soo fucking bad and we have to eat sodexo & are literally malnourished and feel like shit all the time haha. Then we have to pay for all these extra services to have that upstate kids wouldnt normally have to go through because of how close they are. and everyone is from upstate as well so theres no support from the student body either. and when underprivileged & downstate kids as for help were given super dumb excuses all the time or horrible solutions like literal slavery so we can go on research trips'
'meyer was my first imsa teacher experine and boy i hated it'
'next years soph are all going to be in fucking bc-3 because the entrance exams are done at home'
'IMSA's focus on maintaining its status and public standing instead of actually focusing on what made it great in the first place'
'public void juju(beat)
{
    juju.doOn(beat);
}'
'NO ONE IS TEXTING HIS ASSSSS OMMMM'
'yogurt'
'Diego I am an american female am I a feminist now'
'hmm i will now not do my quarter project or german hsg and sleep'
'thinking about the time i went to a skate park and the kids were screaming" theyre having heterosexual sex'
'I wanted to name kevin "queen" but I cant rename him'
'https://www.facebook.com/rahultherockstar103/videos/1330564223815423/'
'both are bad'
'mfw you cram a 22 hour ap classroom in 9 hours'
'you want to go tryhard, get this make bank, slay space pussy'
'bc he wants all girls to leavfe a red heart'
'you call me a loser but in monkeyland you are the loser'
'mannnnn my dad really on a rant about trolls'
'I am swell. Kinda irate because of the hall senator candidates due to redacted reasons but it is what it is'
'the fact he has obama as his background is hilarious but the fact he probaby did it unironically makes it 100x more funny'
'bsu president austin "Aryan" mcdonald'
'Oh damn looks like i was single handedly taking care of my siblings because both my parents are nurses'
'i think hes slowly realizing none of us had any good ideas for the term paper and now he cant apply for a patent then sell the idea to a company then comfortably retire and hes still stuck at imsa'
'dude golab sounded suicidal in the engineering zoom'
'*AHEM* Yes I do crave gf cuddles'
'wowww! now we can piss in the staircase and blame it on the sophs! '
'you should have saw my face when Emma Darbro asked to play modern warfare dude'
'what twisted timeline are we in where basic white females now want to play persona'
'I'm so glad I don't have an AP test. It's messed up'
'mom said shes taking my
laptop at night :( no more talks mit dem jungen'
'we can tell which is the jerk off arm'
'Im getting ptsd every time i hear an email notification'
'I'm gonna get an incomplete unless I become the perfect human being within the next 24 hours'
'it was like: "what if michael reeves' dad was named keanu that would be funny i think"'
'Yes.'
'False statement'
'pierogi = ravioli'
'Man I just wanna go to target with the homies.'
'>Havent slept yet'
'me 8th grade'
'one of these days he gonna wake up and say:

"Unpopular Opinion:

Blacks don't have rights"'
'new dimension proposal: spaghetti and meatball dimension'
'my mom just said "something came in the mail today" and i had an aneurism'
'You mean peter screaminf he cant believe she likes girls'
'https://www.instagram.com/p/B_xz35WgFIh/?igshid=167jpriz82uif'
'I liked everyone better when i didn't know anything about them'
'rember that one time i taught you how to say furry, then you called hamza one and he asked her what a shoumi was'
'Brandon cosby is alex waggoner flipped across the political axis'
'I like how Waggoner assumed he liked Obama because he's black'
'bro im so wet rn'
'im  just gonna have a large portion of diegos wardrobe at my house'
'Ok @Jaelynn Abdullah and @Diego Lichel  react heart to this message'
'check it out'
'https://www.facebook.com/1417497831891194/posts/2118871591753811/'
'My dad went to a boarding school for juvenile delinquents and for people whose parents hated them. Basically like there was a secret council of justice that would make sure that the admin didnt fuck anyone up by administering justice on everyone. They were like a system that took care of everyone in a way and people would go into their trial meeting and come out crying. Like deadass ripped delinquent male teens sobbing. It would be anything from being greasy and not taking any showers to not treating your underclassmen servant well. The underclassmen servant system was a similar philosophy to seniors not having to do housekeeping but with everything like making their bed giving them breakfast and shit like that but they couldn't abuse them or else they'd be fucking dead. If you were caught being greasy they'd pin you to the corner of the shower room and blast you with the cold fire hose in the communal showers they all used.'
'heyyy queen I saw your message about how men are trash and I just wanted to let you know that I agree. although I myself am a man, (I know, ugh) I am on your side.one of the good ones as some may say.'
'I send my grandpa letters bc he blocked me on email accidentally and doesn't know how to fix it'
'dude gumball was uniornically one of the greatest cn shows'
'im anti theatre kids'
'My politics are just ppl school be treated well and that's it'
'ecofascism is so stupid ooga booga enviornment dying time to be racist'
'Your an accident'
'my mom thinks im gay because of my insta post and i dont understand'
'hi welcome to oop where todays entire class is literally just gonna be meyer begging us for questions'
'like just imagine "ay dog you want some ice cream BRUH BRUH BRUH BRUH BRUH (arabic song) WOOOOOOO YEAH xue hua piao piao" but you have to click to the beat'
'Its either 
a) training (likely)
b) fuck it nuclear war (equally likely)'
'More like lib gay'
'"citations are gay and reserved for the cringe department (english department)" eysturlid 2019'
'900+ PEOPLE WHO SNITCHED GOT DOXXED BY A LEAK'
'yeeeeaaaaah there goes my learner responsibility'
'bruh my mic was unmuted during presentations in indoor outdoor, i said "fuck this class" and everyone went silent'
'@Jackson Dooley would probably bust into my room firing off a shotgun to prevent gf cuddles'
'Jaelynn "on the video" Abdullah'
'Its about time you introduce me to your parents'
'and so i finally got home and i was like omg mom body pillow tomorrow ;))) because were unpacking tomorrow and she asked who is on it and i didnt say anything yet and then she just said IS IT DIO'
'Its not stock manipulation if its jn a tweet'
'just woke up man hell yeahhh'
'my life be spitting straight irony  B)'
'Ok fuck it I'm asking for an extension on every assignment'
'to make up for it we can play tonight with the boys'
'NOT'
'lionsgate's channel on youtube is streaming la la land'
'>UFO initially detected on aircraft carrier radar moving at 120mph (too slow for modern aircraft)
>F18 hornets dispatched to the point had visual confirmation of the UFO
>Attempted interception caused the UFO to accelerate some 60 miles away in a time that calculated its speed at 42,000mph
>such a speed would cause severe atmospheric heating that sould destroy modern crafts and g forces that would kill a human pilot 
>F18s return to the aircraft carrier and armed F18s with advanced infrared cameras dispatched
>F18s confirm both visual and infrared identification 
>UFO shows atmospheric heating signature on infrared camera
>UFO had no apparent propulsion system or wings
>As F18s approached, UFO accelerated out of range'
'just actuall sex'
'dude imagine this: we get fricking the hex, the based juniors in upquad, jaelynn ends up in 05, and we have chas brother'
'Fucking zoom said, "you want to be on camera-?" And immediately put me in the class call and I almost flashed everyone with my underwear and now I feel fucking shook'
'FRAU JUST IMMITATED THE FUCKING PHILLIP "uuh" IM'
'cringe!'
'Gotta ship those meat substitutes and vegan shakes to your grocery/door. Gotta package that quinoa single serving salad.'
'rajan and raman on they king shit tho'
'but i contained the ni- the two wolves inside of me'
'know your worth kings, queens, and nonbinary monarchs'
'jaelynn youre the best'
'I swear to God if big chungus is not in space jam 2 I'm gonna be pissed'
'AAAAA I LOVE EVERYONE HERE MORE THAN MYSELF'
'Yeah I don't think it's comparable but I think it's not an excuse'
'I GOT CAB DIRECTOR'
'Cringe wallflower'
'unpopular opinion nobody deserves love
therefore anybody that gives is that much more better'
'yeah'
'yeah yaejoon isnt black he has no right to talk about any country in africa'
'Was informed of him shitting on someone who did not deserve it for the millionth time'
'face it, kevin. youll never even scratch my react count'
'yeah like his kink for f*males'
'make a whole ass minecraft sound pack'
'Diegos middle school pics look like the webcam pc fix tutorials'
'Ok this conversation is weird I'm out'
'sugar were goin down swingin ill be your number one with the bullet loaded gun complex COCK it and pullit'
'wtf is this smirti??'
'Diego solving rascism'
'This is my fav pic of diego and i'
'Wait but the goodest boy'
'can we get the phrase whats bonkin into common use at imsa'
'he was the first person i met in the math office . i wuz like if all imsa people are like this im dropping'
'ill wake up from depression nap and they will be borderline fucking'
'and i replied the same exact why lmao'
'i think its fine to miss some social cues. makes you interesting'
'polish kid flat out asked why are you so mean to me and i was like thats the real world! im helping you!'
'If you knew they were korean it wasn't you. If we're talking about third grade summer I was called a Filipino as an insult.'
'We can tell'
'how much you wanna bet only like 30 people in total out of the 350 actually voted'
'I walked in on ppl having sex in c wing soph year'
'she like got on top of me and started making out with me one time man it was fucked she wanted me to finger her it was fucked man we were just sitting on a bench outside and i was like "bruh" but also i didnt stop her so its my fault too. i didnt finger her tho thats where i draw the line'
'thinking about how im going to be the horniest person in our wing next year and how i am so not excited about that'
'having diego as president and jahi as sal is the best fucking possible outcome'
'i can see it now. every time they ask him something he shrugs and says "I don't know"'
'"i cried because i didnt get studco please have sex with me"'
'Is Eric pan trying to seduce me'
'since we cant have him for president, diego for 05 hall senator'
'every speech is just him saying "if you dont like the other candidates because theyre too quirky vote for me" then he sings story of undertale'
'im imagining diego smiling at the camera and saying its me again! like four tiems'
'kinda wish diego ran for every position'
'jahi is literally impersonating dane'
'Love life!!!'
'Whats up jews'
'braaass monkey bada ba doo that funky monkey bada doo da ba'
'who tryna come to my house after move out and give ke gf cuddle tho'
'i can't tell if this is simp or incel behavior so i don't know which one to make fun of you for being'
'turning into a woman!!!!!!'
'imagine not wanting fat tits'
'thinking about that one avn expo video'
'ming should of ran for president if not senior at large'
'ming youre awesome'
'holy shit its jaelann on the video'
'hernandez is gone now he was replaced with funny'
'hes very insecure about himself so he hides it behind eboy vibes'
'like, at this point, the voting seems like clout chasing to half our class'
'i dont think i can vote for monica because she did the leafy thing where you say youre not going to mention something but in saying that you directly mention it'
'fuck it im making a new party at imsa, the INC and we actually gonna do shit'
'"genuine" politician vs kpop eboy'
'diego ahould have run'
'All of these people are narcissists'
'yooo my mom said that some peeps can come back with me to my house after move out'
'is anybody else's family running out of money?'
'@Teagan Mitchell switch cooking mama was mining bitcoin using players extra processing power'
'You are stupid and gay'
'i said im not playing anything rn and it was really awkward'
'Put the dog through the wash'
'My friend just told me she had a thing for me and I responded with " fuck bitches die hard to get the monies:'
'"babe it's time for your 9:00 zoom meeting". "yes Dr hawker"'
'You think you're funny you little piss baby? you TALK A LOT OF BIG SHIT FOR SOMEONE WITH SUCK A SMALL C*CK'
'Its pokemon but with swords but the swords are girls but the girls have giant tits and call you master'
'my mom said she wanted to watch la la land this weekend'
'disowned by the black community'
'Just make one of the prompts: "kevviiiiin"'
'Kevin is one of those nerds that would join the wrestling team'
'These are his brothers offsceen'
'this is just like when you tried to ask jaelynns brother for a pass'
'Horny racist is porn that is called "ebony"'
'The RNC has decided to change their name the Republican National Convention'
'because for the order of operations its racist > horny > irony'
'Wait in the face of horniness RNC and INC have to unite into RINC'
'as leader of HNC i change the name to Horny Gamer Party (HGP)'
'who votes in favour of the HINC'
'No hes racist'
'"the orange cat dog thing from regular show, and it like stretches and stuff" -my mom'
'funny entire shrek movie but its a gif'
'im thinking about the mommy dommy image that is just fucking got me dead'
'unironically says "based on what?"'
'wait yeah waggonner is the antithesis of irony'
'but you can be 3/5ths'
'what?!'
'ok if HINC dies im joining horny party is this what you wanted'
'i think diego is jew'
'yeah i hate non-jews'
'I have joined HNC'
'hey hey irony party break it up, a party divided against itself cannot party rock'
'Are you white? Well you're racist. Welcome to the racism party.'
'Dooley's Law'
'Horny irony '
'anarcho irony'
'i personally identify as anarcho-horny'
'A house divided against itself cannot party rock'
'but id a horny president gets elected then it would become horny fest'
'ok so for the ironyfest debate ill have a slideshow with current issues and each person will have 30 seconds to explain their party's stance on the issue'
'#votewhite'
'diego is colorblind LOL'
'#VoteRedOrYoureDead'
'Tje racist party is full of racists!'
'Irony is a cult'
'ok new event at irony fest we just have a fucking presidential debate where the three parties debate issues'
'can i be head of HNC'
'fuck im a centrist'
'fuck you'
'i think its like a triangle of irony, horny, and racist'
'yeah fuck jews'
'i cant express how much i dislike those three messages'
'im about to blow my brains out over this test'
'ok thats it. kevin is the funniest person ever. i have been rofling on my marble floor for 30 minutes over this hilarious pictorial.'
'No no no thats diego bitchel'
'PHILLIP IS THE ONLY PERSON SINGING'
'"Evening m'lady but would you mind me talking about how wonderful it is to have you in my zoom call?"'
'>oh this isnt so bad
>kinda liking it
>chorus
>oh'
'BRUH I LOOKED LIKE MICHAEL BELLO'
'in which thomas jefferson created the first lofi hip hop beat'
'1781'
'we could write like we're sending a bomb threat to the school in mandarin and the chinese teachers will just correct our grammer'
'Ah yes my personality is based upon racism, poor financial decisions and drugs'
'Fuck third world countries'
'we should play a group game of multiplayer rollercoaster tycoon 2'
'i would agree but i would end up going off on a rant on child abuse and the porn industry and I wanna turn in my specfic essay in tonight'
'Ok so I just told my kpop stan friend that all kpop stars look like they have eating disorders and are 16'
'Haha cringe'
'calling all ladies B)'
'yes it is now time for my daily 3 hour depression nap '
'Rip Alfred'
'Ok so apparently i have an iq of 7'
'i had a dream there was this new genre of music called dogecore on youtube abd every comment just said "ok"'
'and the ones i do remember are like hella weird/makes no sense with or without context'
'i only remembe... you know nvm'
'ok from here on out i am writing a dream journal'
'downvoted'
'phrog'
'is there a video of markiplier getting scared of a fnaf camera'
'its nigward'
'im already making it'
'moving out on Thursday guys'
'His fucking security camera'
'ok so just did the nagito case in danganronpa 2. holy fucking shit'
'merge left onto I-40 west '
'This man is single handedly going to massively thwart everyones gains'
'our quad went to wendy's just to get Nick Gurr printed on our receipt'
'wdym we already have chas'
'the therapist is open for business'
'God my family put like paper on our door that says: " all you need is love" and all that white girl bullshit and that's probably the main reason I haven't been outside'
'I was so fucked up last night that i accidentally watched oceans 8 instead of 11'
'my life rn is just

wake up > go to zoom classes > finish work due at 5 > sleep > wake up > do the rest of the work > just sit here until 5 am'
'like i dont even play vidya i just sit here'
'Work/life balance pretty shit when your working in the same place you watch porn'
'because i finished midnight gospel'
'Better than original'
'heres a fact: radiohead fucking sucks'
'syrup?'
'Mmm cockwufflez'
'when chas recommends me music it sounds like this https://youtu.be/6g4dkBF5anU'
'Long live the straight white male'
'are you dyslexic'
'alana has a piss fetish'
'Next year the quad. Is cummin in a cup and freezing'
'oH I ALSO WANT TO ADD YHAT BRIDGET BUNT MADE A FUCKING MEMORIES THING FOR THE WING WHERE U PUT PICTURES OF THE WING UP AND [REDACTED] TOOK A POLAROID PIC BUT U CANT TELL WE WERE DRINKING OUR PEE SO IT JUST LOOKS LIKE A NICE PIC OF US HANGING OUT BUT ACTUALLY WE WERE DRINKING OUR PEE AND ITS STILL HANGING THERE JN 01A WING'
'i dont believe this'
'Yes @Kevin Cordero  is gay'
'is kevin really gay? is it like how yall joke about him being gay like how yall joked about diego and undertale so i thoight it was a joke but diego actually likes undertale and bought the collectors edition unironically and i was just dumb'
'@Kevin Cordero  has two sides: fresh and gray'
'He would have fucking punched Diego'
'theres usually someone /ban for mental health reasons every year and it was rene crouteau my sophomore year, one time he came to si physics extremely high and with an entire sodexo set up. plate, tray, cup, all utensils, cereal bowl, fry basket, full of food, Nd just fuck it ate it, eyes so fucking red, SI physics. my phone was dead so i fucking took a picture of him with my laptop camera, i was crying'
'tell her she lives in a home'
'I was there. I was watching'
'come out of the closet'
'Kill her'
't shirt canon but instead it just launches high speed tampons'
'if that makes sense? i mean its not like im ashamed of being trans, i just genuinely want my waiter to call me sir the first time, for me to not be stared by being in a mens suit store, and to be able to go into a mens restroom without being afraid of being literally harassed (which has happened, those have all happened,)'
'also its more so like, how i view myself. like i know like im me and like if people dont view me as a guy then like fuck them, but also like i wanna look like a cisgender man to people, unironically. and some people genuinely dont, but like, i do'
'cross when you dont respond at his 15th attempt to start conversation with you through email'
'meyer when nobody wants to talk about netflix shows'
'@Kevin Cordero'
'@Chas Schreiber has that energy'
'Imagine having hair anywhere except on top of your head'
'im growing a bear but its fucking blonde so you cant see anything'
'aneesh is making fun of me for making my method doLeg'
'Nut sack association'
'as long as the other person doesnt have authority over you, mating season starts at 17 bb'
'can i also point out that the dude i wrote the essay for has 114k on instagram'
'post malone is really talented what the fuck????!?!?'
'fuck abs, fuck the education system that doesn't know how to teach biology to people who don't care too much about it'
'Oh yeah band kids say fucking "oof" and "heckin" all the time'
'my cat is dyin rn bro'
'Anti based'
'good'
'I walk in to the garage and there is just a fucking atv sitting in there'
'your first date is just a synthwave gif'
'my mom is considering letting me drive up by myself epic style'
'i forgot mine is in arabic idk how to change it back'
'>mom got me chicken tenders today

maybe not that bad today'
'babe! es ist 1.30! Es ist zeit fur Schneewittchen und Rotkppchen sprechen!'
'java is just shitty java'
'All snakes are stupid'
'Yeah my parents work on the floor in high incident areas and im like 90% sure nursing is what made them racist'
'My grandpa kept a record of the weird stuff he removed for ppls asses when he did er rotation'
'what does an adult philipino look like, i just can't imagine it'
'"still give him junior cred tho"'
'Ive just been getting emails from teachers asking if im ok'
'hmm i wonder if that release of information has anything to do with every single fucking teacher assigning a major project due May 1st'
'I reuploaded unwell onto my channel as unlisted like last summer'
'Who tf is anon'
'oh yeah i guess i will do it'
'object oriented farting'
'my dad unironcally watches these'
'when someone starts a class name with a lowercase letter'
'Chas is porting them with coom and cheese'
'the funny fail poster is what keeps me laughing'
'Its impossible for you to fail'
'im going to take gary come home and replace gary with a google translate audio that says Jackson'
'Could be a drug trade for all i care, $25 is $25'
'My mom was 40 she thought she was infertile'
'Smriti isnt sane'
'if it the quarantine doesnt get extended, maybe we can all see each : ^ )'
'No ninja how could you'
'https://youtu.be/x2Kd1JeHGLc'
'i am proud of you diego for doing that on zero sleep'
'That was so fucking bad'
'number of barrels of oil i bought in, millions -->'
'lightning mcqueen'
'He feeds his body and fluids to his 13 followers'
'Jesus RISES after 40 days of HOT SWEATY PRAYER AND PASSION with his followers and COMES back to his daddy'
'he COMES after the THIRD DAY of and BATHES his followers in his HOLY SPIRIT'
'JESUS bleeds and goes CROSS-eyed after getting NAILED by ROUGH ROMANS'
'but yeah i went to a catholic church for the first time in a while and they were like "now let us pray for our troops" and im really like is that really what Jesus said???'
'Me after penis enhancement surgery'
'I slept from 12 to 4 lol'
'>everyone is quarantined in China
>only delivery boys are allowed to outside, although rarely
>get massive loads that need to be delivered
>use exoskeleton

kojima....'
'"Sometimes, as I reorganize the informational documents handed to us to better understand the content, I become entranced by the single ray of moonlight taunting me from my bedroom window, inviting me to watch the sunrise."'
'https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/658185406231085087/699658375922712576/image0-4.gif'
'https://www.facebook.com/JonizangRiOrjard/videos/2989543461089538/'
'you hate society, yet, you live in one?'
'ok hear me out vocaloid music is kind of epic on ocasion'
'Yeah, the social (((elites))) who control the media are undermining the hardworking American by silencing attempts to usurp (((their))) power'
'I submit my homework with untraced carrier pigeons'
'Many civil rights movements have only been successful through reformism. Don't get me wrong, I think I've made it clear I'd support a revolution, but only if it worked. Revolutions are dangerous not only because they tend to be violent but it's really hard to control the direction they take and the outcomes are devastating. The recovery period is long and often people will continue to fight back.

The civil war was a revolution and people STILL think the South should have won.

Most successful changes have been reformist, so it seems that the more likely to succeed option is reformism, as hopeless as electoralism seems to be'
'Gosh I just really dislike modern life. The 21st century's pretty cool, but work sucks. And you aren't paid the full value of your labor because your boss's boss's boss needs to make a profit to get money from each of the 4 companies they own but don't work for. And climate change is killing people and animals who can't do anything about it while the ones who can "generously" donate a few million dollars (of the thousands of millions they have) to relief funds. And morons think the economy and being able to get a haircut is more important than the safety of workers. So much so that they're constantly protesting the lockdown and actively harming society.

I just want to live in the woods and grow potatoes and eat soup.'
'Thats what our quad says our first EP is going to be called'
'FRAU JUST ASKED ME WHO KAKYOIN IS'
'because we "keep taking the white women"'
'i am actually convinced.'
'fuck ABS'
'Alana just comes to this chat every six hours to say 2-3 quirky things then just dips'
'its either cum-01 or h0rni-5'
'also deadass (this is off topic) but if i keep losing weight bcs of stupid shit by the end of quarantine ill be like 99 lb. Mannnn'
'I have to clean out under my bed and i practically found an ant colony'
'waggoner when he finds out the Holocaust never happened and now he has nothing to compare lgbt to'
'bruh do what I do and go on the roof'
'Hmm I don't know anyone who would fit this mold?'
'ok funny call at midnight'
'when i got the stitches removed the doctor asked if i wanted to keep them to show to the girls in my class'
'This is the same parent that yelled at me for texting her son "boners are weird"'
'grant wont let me share me editing a picture of doge to makerswuad'
'International mommies sex administration'
'ingland math and science academy'
'i have one page report due in 2 hours and im too lazy to do it'
'he wanted us to talk about tv shows weve watched and then when nobody responded hes like "well if nobody is going to respond i might as well end the call. see you tuesday" like burh'
'Im talking to angie about drugs which is like the only thing she thinks is taboo man'
'i want to let you guys kmow that i willed every single person in this groupchat an HP Inkjet printer in my senior will'
'Ok we callin people skinjobs now'
'this is a full scp and i hate it'
'yeah by being told you cannot have sex at junior u'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2Zli8FcSAE'
'juju (on that) beat aaaaaa'
'Every day is White Girl Wednesday'
'today is national horny day'
'He'll get horny'
'ok so i used to make and sell slime as a fucking business but i stopped bcs my slime somehow would fucking spoil?? and the spoiled slime i would call Moist. As a noun. and i would throw it at blake. it smelled bad and when u tried to stretch it it would crumble into like squishy pieces. i was 14'
'G force'
'WE WERE GOING TO ASK EMMA THIS TOO'
'You guys asked my what tampons were'
'still thinking about what Mariam sent me last night'
'kazakhstan'
'Albania '
'lets elect wyatt to all public offices, he will fix everything'
'Poland is nice but people there are kinda sliding back to the bad ideas'
'*cough* nanking *cough*'
'Im debating just saying a machine that solves world hunger and its just a robot that goes around killing hungry people'
'Damn i really just googled whats 7+8'
'china banned all online gaming outside of the mainland'
'you can do it, you can do your homework, you're smart, you can do the right thing, you can set aside enough time to do homework, you are really powerful'
'God I remember the days when me and austin would just sit and laugh at one thing for approximately thirty minutes'
'animal crossing players arent heterosexual'
'Kevin really referenced himself in third person 93 times'
'yeah of course Peter has the n word'
'my shitty code'
'if I sent one message with 1000 instances of the n word...'
'diego actually fucking charles fuck'
'>diego actually fucking charles'
'my grandma unironically shared the spaghetti pic'
'frau calling @Austin McDonald a terrorist'
'KEVIN'
'updated list of this chat's most common words:
yeah
fuck
faze
shit
fucking
bro
idk
video
austin
chat
kinda
diego
actually
gonna
literally
epic
peter
funny
imsa
kevin'
'Anyone whose top word is bruh is getting kicked'
'"im just gonna call it Q" -dr fogel'
'Why is @Austin McDonald  mom in there?'
'man pandya still making me take the web tech quiz using my phone jcjsjdjd'
'diego's parents when they see the deltarune porn'
'sorry alex im unfriending'
'who is hamood22'
'Diego:
Strength: 79
Intellect: 82
Speed: 55
Irony: 99'
'Also, I really miss he missed the 'u' key'
'Cant wait for peter to get fired for hcc week one because he calls the new sophs the funny word like he did was wing guide'
'Yooo I didnt get it epic style'
'I havent done any math homework for the past 3 weeks'
'Wow this week is complete ass'
'dropping hints is cringe because I can never pick up on anything cause Im a dumbass'
'we should all just send a video of us singing all stars, make a vid collage and submit'
'mfw still the only one whose submitted a video for coffeehouse'
'bruh i forgot today was my birthday until my mom just told me :('
'sexy funny energy negates all status ailments'
'a bit of a bad time to be this rn actually'
'No gaming for Jesus'
'my mom is making me go to bed early'
'Lemme guess "too tanky"'
'I'm home of phobic'
'https://youtu.be/OMkfqTNAj90'
'Evey time I see a "ok miss thing???" The glock begins to slip into my hand'
'ok man Im not sure if the feet thing is ironic anymore man'
'ok Im not into scat but I will take a shit on you if you do not shut up'
'Crtl+a, Crtl+c
this chat is going in my wiki's Category:Cringe page'
'Wait @Diego Lichel calling the police? Wtf'
'https://www.instagram.com/p/B-21_ZqlAPr/?igshid=zeczd92go65f'
'gay bread'
'list of songs everyone can agree are good to some degree:

smells like teen spirit'
'https://youtu.be/jM2V0WprHPY'
'everyone wanna czech it out lol'
'That mood turning in projects due last month'
'diego why are you always wrong bro wtf u chose all the worst opinions'
'Dr Skinner got hacked'
'Lmao thats not what his gf said'
'my doin the stanky leg'
'Why is my dad listening to lil Uzi vert'
'lonely vibes really starting to hit me even in sleep cringe'
'and it starts'
'we gotta make every single teenager a code god so we can pay our employees even less'
'woah they got a landlord emoji'
'what is this emoji? cant see it'
'Its funny seeing a man so broken'
'Things I remember from soph year
1. Alcoholism dead dad jokes in math
2. Smith liked me
3. I went to Japan and while I was there a I dropped my wallet and a dude gave it back to me and then j had a panic attack
4. Marshall was a pedo
5. Diego hat
6. General misery'
'If imma be honest i thought you were all fucking losers, but guess im a loser too now'
'My brother has a tattoo of a ufo because he and his friends got wasted on shrooms in the desert and were approached by some crazy lady telling them to welcome alien vistors so they got into a circle and all started chanting we welcome you'
'yeah i agree, i had it on a shirt once and i was at drill practice with max knutson and he was like hey is that twin fantasy (and this was last school year) AND I JUST GOT ALL WIDE EYED AND I WAS LIME HEHAHHDHEHFJSJFJEKDKD YEAH I HAVE IT FRESHLY TATTOOED ON MY BACK and i nearly took off my fucking shirt in old caf to show him my fucking half bandaged wrapped bleedy shit'
'i love covid 19!!!!!!!!!! fuck me fuck me i literally cannot eat shit without like extreme nausea but i still eat anyway bcs i get bored and im stupid and i eat when im stressed but then i get more stressed'
'da imsa room phone'
'my favorite genre of video is foreign man pans a camera around his head while saying some based ass shit'
'ACAB = Assigned Cop At Birth'
'We're talking about wind in Chinese class so I said bei feng Xiao xiao'
'This is the pia pia xiao xiao equivalent for me'
'"what up my neighbor"'
'Listen listen I have been diagnosed with brain problem '
'Another time my neighbor ran up to my house fully naked when I was 8 and I just looked at him and said ok'
'A actually its hebephilia'
'You know that tik tok challenge where girls walk into their boyfriend's room naked?'
'When Tom meyer says goodnight in the oop group chat '
'Yankee circumcision ritual'
'yankee yamika'
'at ironyfest im going to buy a yankee and we will have a ceremonial cutting of the brim'
'My dad saw the Yankee wit no brim and he's convinced I'm losing my shit because I couldn't stop laughing'
'dad paying my college deposit after persuasion  we going'
'god i feel like i should ask for a yankee hat for my birthday and cut off the brim'
'Nsfw art is based and valid work'
'Pull my cock im gay?'
'Hello, I just saw the IVC post about the Student Emergency Relief Fund and I think that the program looks to have an amazing impact on our community. However the name stuck out to me like a sore thumb as the abbriviation for the program is SERF. Serf is a synonym for indentured servant, and having a relief fund for working class families named SERF is quite a bit ironic. 
I am not sure what can really be done about the name now that the program is about to be implemented, but I thought that someone should give the name a second thought and who better to contact than the student council president. I hope you find yourself less stressed than more in these crazy times, Ray.'
'gamer headset: on'
'goodbye.'
'i love how frau always ask peter "hows you sister" it reminds me of @Kevin Cordero'
'when we get our stuff from imsa im murdering both of you guys'
'We have the same tummy'
'I hate this bc you could easily replace the pizza with and underage child.'
'FUCK RONA'
'Hey austin want some estrogen pills'
'stopstopstop i watched amvs in middle school'
'who tf changed my name from faze jew to faze poop'
'5'
'this will be the empty room'
'alternatively we could turn empty room into gay sex dungeon?'
'Why are you being so toxic'
'peter during sex'
'wanting to have sex with Anne Frank but awesome'
'I have been personally nomiated by staff or faculty to apply for StudCo. Anarchist revolution is on its way'
'There are too many things due today'
'im suppoed to do the shopping and the list is on the echo thing that sits on the breakfast table and i say text Emma Hoskins the shopping list and then it adds Emma Hoskins to the shopping list'
'Moog City '
'"youre slow" -diego to alana'
'i think camping should be a solo activity'
'I watched onward today and my favorite line was: "woah! Feet!"'
'> Sex workers are members of the proletariat
> They own their bodies which is their means of production
> Trump: "Grab em by the pussy"
> Therefore, Trump is a comrade'
'si bio gang rise up'
'ive been in a call with aneesh so far for like 6 hours'
'wait no at irony fest we will just view Larrys wonderful world of autotainment'
'also that whole ass episode of veggie tales where the whole thing is post ironic'
'Anyways, I hope you guys liked it, don't stay up too late '
'My mom didn't believe in depression until my dad killed himself'
'I only have a treadmill, a mat, and pure horni- TESTOSTERONE'
'All i see in this sentence is "ni" "ge" and "ma"'
'No only start when you're 25 please'
'Man would fuck a cartoon character'
'Marceline from adventure time and also the genderbent one CRING AAAAAA CRINGE'
'I had crushes on horses ._.'
'My gpa told me I had big boobs everytime he saw me '
'Actually nvm I did one thing in my childhood and that was having two girlfriends simultaneously during kindergarten'
'i was bullied B)'
'I pushed a dude into the bus isle bc he called me a bitch'
'I didn't do any fun shit as a child I just sat around and felt superior to everyone'
'"she was asking for it your honor"'
'i had short blue dyed hair and was fat and roleplayed i hate my past self'
'*fnaf phone beep* hello, hello?? uhhh'
'igot hooooooooooooooooo'
'calling for hoes'
'No that's gay '
'Why are we learning ADVANCED biological systems when we don't even get BASIC ones'
'I love imsa these people are so fucking stupid'
'Dummy that's not how you taco'
'Hard shell tacos are stupid'
'this is for kevin since he cant read spanish'
'Ah yes fellow hispanics who can also read spanish'
'I'll let you guys know when I make an nsfw account'
'dead i woke up late for modphys exam'
'My dad in like 2002 doin the poggers'
'The world is genuinely quieter without maddie with a y'
'However i feel like this rapists policies are favorable'
'Like yesterday on zoom the seniors in the wing had a call with our RC and she was like yeah some underclassmen recommended having a wing spa thing over zoom and my gamer man ass cringed as fuck and i just blurted out i dont have face masks my brother wants to share my deodorant man.'
'room eternal'
'xue hua piao piao bei fang xiao xiao

tian di yi pian cang mang'
'Sick of having material possessions'
'I will now proceed to listen to Aeroplane for the 945th time this week'
'he tried to stop it this year by ordering laptops that he can monitor but then coronacation happen'
'Hiw the hell do you guys consistently gonto sleep at 5am'
'tfw no gf'
'It's like what I consider Adderall music but it's like if you did Adderall then were like fuck it we also doing coke and meth'
'God we r going to be seniors'
'xue hua piao piao bei fang xiao xiao

tian di yi pian cang mang'
'that shit was wild'
'xue hua piao piao bei fang xiao xiao

tian di yi pian cang mang'
'tears fears and swag based'
'I love you Chas, and all you guys'
'i really want to make designs for remote car control override so i can drive an imsa bus like a videogame to my house without getting up'
'too late.'
'Im going to walking trip to your house austin'
'like half my fuckung possesions'
'I want internet sex with @Sam Schennum'
'epic, he responded'
'My dad just made a your mom gay joke to my mom'
'if we are getting zoom hearings I'm gonna set my background to a screenshot of tay's message that says "IMSA admin be like FUCK transgenders and FUCK jews"'
'horny people here unhorny people here'
'theyre so horny'
'those r the worst mutual friends to have matthew dinwiddie thinks hes a wizard bro'
'its going to be sex in the 08 if we dont claim that shit as soon as it opens'
'this honestly just perpetuates irony'
'i wanna post funny drake meme thats like

punishing someone who deliberately insults trans and jews 

punishing the entire school for what was probably an accident '
'I AM FUCKING BROWN MYSELF'
'ADMIN NEARLY FUCKED ME ON MONKEY MONDAY'
'i've always wanted to do the "hoes mad" video as a response to someone'
'its all because of @Chas Schreiber funny family guy sex meme fuck!!'
'sometimes i run out of steam talking to conservatives so i just say "doin your mom doin doin ur mom"'
'fumny april fools joke'
'Im hispanic bro'
'admin is going to ask me what based means'
'just dont be racist lol'
'my 20th cent mao assignment has just turned into me jacking off mao'
'I just found it funny that when Andrea said "you know faculty can see this page right?" and he responded "Yup" like he knew what he was getting into'
'*deleted comment when they show up*'
'Im printing this and hanging this  up in our room'
'watch admin be like both sides were bad bcs of trolling'
'that is uhhhh evil horny austin'
'I'm just gonna say Austin doesn't have emotions'
'disciplinary hearings on zoooooooooooom'
'ezra is reporting it to admin lel'
'I love how Emma hasnt made a single serious post and hes getting triggered over it'
'I now understand why people like Facebook'
'correction: when Kevin'
'Lmao how can he be homophobic if he lives in a home'
'I know it's when you go like "ehah"'
'"no. i am not mad bro."'
'Someone posted this image and everyone in the comments is just saying big chungus'
'that sounds awfully familiar'
'yeah man my dad was supposed to come home on June 9th but now hes coming back July 31st because of quarantine'
'ok and'
'Im driving to Chicago to see the boys'
'fuck this shit'
'my gpa was a 3.5'
'imagine if they used 05 and someone had to sleep in diego and bretts room'
'anime more like very gay'
'frau asked who the person behund me was and i was trying to say that i didnt know but i used to'
'dr madon trying to teach on zoom: MIC FEEDBACK AND CHILDREN LITERALLY FUCKING SCREAMING AND ECHOING'
'Jackson I think we are meant for eachother at this point'
'>be tiny fish
>eat gamer girl feet flakes
>meal of badassery'
'>be me
>nerd
>crazy
>drugs addicted
>Indian
>rapper
>religious
>clean
>wierd
>soap dish'
'Oh yeah Trainer asked me to install Linux on his laptop, I ranted to him about my Minecraft fax machine while installing Linux and then he paid me 20 bucks'
'>be in mi3
>sit at a decent table
>gets moved with Jaden and Maddy
>GETS MOVED WITH JADEN AND MADDY'
'krap'
'He finds one video and then sends ot at least 3 times then retires it'
'not funny'
'She was playing terraria, def e-girl'
'HATIKVAH'
'kakyoin shrine in animal crossing'
'Yet i bet you would guzzle cum for $20'
'when you learn how to turn computer on'
'when you learn Scratch'
'Jesus Christ i can only get so horny'
'Hamsaa called my gf queen'
'when u learn C'
'Hell to you'
'ban them.'
'Jacksn really lost last night'
'Diego do you even lift'
'Welcome to the rawring 20s'
'Chances of paid internship: 0%'
'i just noticed discord allows people to listen with you on spotify and im wondering if anyone has listened in to my simp playlists'
'good luck trying to decipher public class naeNae
{
public void deeNutz()
{}
}'
'@Brett Johnson'
'Ryan gosling'
'Based'
'Actually relationship might be ok'
'Listen when it comes to this all you have to remember is this: "don't ever let a girl make you who you are"'
'Tears fears and swag'
'ik someone who has spoken vehemently against this view'
'Fuck all of you are fucking faggots'
'WE DUCT TAPING JACKSON TO THE DOOR'
'this is what kevin says on a daily basis before he beats us up'
'I can see jackson saying "the only thing bisexual are my fists" unironically'
'Imagine if @Austin McDonald  and I were gay unironically oh wait shit actually don't fucking do that eww'
'Completely honest I think my biggest accomplishment in life so far is harnessing the sexy funny energy'
'Can the gays in this gc give me permission to say faggot'
'I'm just thinking about how the last communication I had with peter is him saying "n word spaghetti"'
''
'Me every time I send gay shit to the gc'
'fuck it Alana x Maddy with a y'
'Yeah I'd hug you. Cause I know we already the illest'
'I fucking hate everything rn'
'How about: sex in general is gay. Boom problem solved'
'I wanted to take a nap at 5:00 AND JUST FUCKING WOKE UP'
'Holy shit Im so fucked'
'Hmmm you know whats a great resource to build a city next to, watee that we cant drink'
'Man 009 Sound System - Dreamscape is actually a really good song'
'My cock and ball workout video thing is so stupid'
'Blood = mountain dew
Body = Doritos'
'Angie sent me this today'
'All porn was sent by jews to control the masses'
'I have activated my sexy funny energy mode'
'There's an image of one of the French kids staring at Philips stomach in disgust that is supposed to go in the yearbook'
'Cringe'
'i gotta stop saying fail when anything bad happens i got a question wrong from dr hawker and i just said fail'
'this word is retarded'
'Hi'
'this is very good https://youtu.be/RJv2-_--EY4'
'fucking grace said she was playing sims and everyone jsut started saying simp'
'Ok for senior year irony fest we need a game boy camera and a game boy printer to distribute the photo'
'FRAU JUST ASKED WHEN IRONY FEST WAS'
'myers just said that she "loved her furry children"'
'All im saying is that delivery guys can't make you sign for alcohol during quarantine'
'i have 9 attendence points in modphys so i made a script that starts the zoom meeting even if im sleep'
'holy shot'
'8 people put that as their bsckground'
'and snip it so we will have a video clip of meyer saying poggers'
'ted kacynski house'
'Ima just go to all of my classes with the extreme reverb effect on my mic at all times'
'It jumped 11% cause trump said hes gonna let people die'
'Someone say poor financial decision?'
'target vinyl section is the most irony location in the known universe'
'fuck it meet in A151'
'Who wanna go to japan for 72 dollars'
'fogel just said hes going to bed and we all responded with good night king'
'my mom just called her leader for some club shes in a techno tard and thats the most 4chan esque thing Ive ever heard my mom say'
'He had skylanders and I had to sit next to him on the bus and one time he tried to beat me up and I started laughing and put him in a chokehold'
'When you realize that you may never experience that feeling you get when you get a brand new Skylander and take it out to use for the first time.'
'yeah Im still thinkin about the angel dust t shirt from last night'
'he went to my parents and just said "uh yeah I like guys and girls. vaginas and dicks alike" then left'
'Also love how rodrigo ends every sentence with lol. I'm even more convinced he is grown up version of @Diego Lichel'
'Is he third wheeling in his pfp?'
'I'm watching fricking suite life of Zack and Cody and Zack just walked up to two girls and said "so do you like video games?"'
'Jaelynn got a girl to friend him on xbox'
'it comes free with your fucking Xbox'
'cringe two party political system'
'"Wabbit Twouble" aired in 1941'
'https://www.instagram.com/p/B9RZDkOne0O/?igshid=1ocsg2gsy3zkp'
'11:30, funny imsapublic time?'
'I was watching tv with my family and it suddenly went to static and shut off and I just said out loud oop tv doin the stanky leg'
'fuck it. bringing back weegee'
'fuck it. email dr torres'
'Bc grade about to go crazy'
'nah but fr its hair change hours'
'Bruh seriously would people shut up about "celebrities in quarantine" I mean they literally are in fucking mansions I feel zero sympathy for them. There are homeless person who have to go thru this shit and you get bored in a fucking mansion. Wtf'
'@Chas Schreiber  you are literally just bragging about being obnoxiously horny'
'Anybody else have a negative sleep schedule
I could not tell you how much I've slept in the past few days'
'ni and po dukeing it out to come before ggers'
'Thank mom for the 100 bits'
'i wasnt checking my spedometer when driving home the other day and I was going 120'
'You drive like a cuck I drive like I have no fear of death'
'I will take three people with me to Austins house for irony'
'the only thing Ive done close to that is be fully nude in the hall commons'
'"your not going to believe this but my only significant personality trait is im racist"'
'how i remember kevin:

-racist'
'Let me go over you various trait and how i remember you:

- is korean'
'Yes'
'Now I remember when I was in 2nd grade and my dad came to America from Korea for a month(He came permanently starting when I was in 4th grade) and built a lego castle for me with the random pieces I had before he left'
'bernie is a chill ass motherfucker hes got sexy funny energy i dig it. i vibe with his flow a little if you know what im saying'
'Holy shit Im freaking out a member of the CDC just called me personally and told me I need to isolate myself immediately because they found out one of the new symptoms of the virus is being hot, having a great personality, and a big juicy ass. Send this to 5 hoes u think might be infected'
'I hate how right when it happened my instinct was to play the fnaf out of power song'
'Power just cut at my house'
'mine always is'
'waaaah my multi billion dollar mansion is boring and I cant eat babies to maintain my young look waaaaaaaaa'
'I've done it guys, coronavirus is no more'
'I drew a bunch of pokemon'
'Even though we meme on her shes genuinely a really nice person'
'heart react for vibe, thumbs down for literally anything else (and give suggestions)'
'once shelter in place is announced for the rest of Illinois I will give dates for irony fest'
'IRONY FEST AT MY HOUSE'
'Also guys so like imsa con is officially cancelled'
'im waiting for the fucking riots so I can just have an excuse to break i to the coffee shop and steal their 8 foot tall lava lamp'
'thank yall for being my second family <<33'
'my stepdad is getting laid off'
'I look like that one dude from that meme that like the face he makes when he wants cuddle sex or food'
'i dont remember last time i took shower'
'dude on right has sexy funny energy'
'im really sorry to tell you this here on messenger but unfortunately this morning i woke up to my best friend coughing.. he had a fever and we had to rush to the hospital where he turned himself into a pickle funniest shit ive ever seen'
'Yeah it was the unholy Trinity of chas Austin and diego'
'Funny monkey go wee'
'Males born on august 5th 2002 cant communicate. all they know is shitpost, funny friend, be horny, and whine'
'M'lady do you just so happen to be a racist?'
'we must create a rival harem to win over junior u'
'get the chloroform.'
'Oh fuck senior U bench senior U bench'
'I want to hear brett say the nword @Jaelynn Abdullah please'
'Austin when mariam asks to fuck'
'i saw this really funny ifunny gif and it was like nfl players when theyre beating their wife but the national anthem comes on and it shows a Skyrim NPC zooming to a chair and sitting down and it was funniest shit I seen but I cant find it'
'I dreamt today that for Russian class we had a substitute and we were using some random operating system invented by the Nazis and every time we tried to shut our laptops down it would have errors because it was looking for a gas chamber which our laptops of course didn't have'
'fnaf is now real'
'My uncle from prison'
'"no" - Austin McDonald, after being asked if he was straight'
'My grandmas dog just wiped her ass on my dads white tshirt'
'White castle sucks'
'bros im going to germany for college i just got fully accepted fuck yeah'
'I would bring the fortnite battle bus my parents have and do a roadtrip to pick up everyone'
'i got a green screen for the fogel video call'
'alright guys im sick'
'or what if it just changed your eye width to make it look like funny Skyrim max eye width'
'(((damnit)))'
'this is what everyone about to see'
'time to whip out the r34 again'
'i kinda just wanna be a chinese aoe npc and just go around saying "shi de, fa mu gong'
'Prisons in the us don't work bc they are run wrong'
'Furries originated from people making adult cartoons and porn of anthros'
'robotrock.mp3'
'Nathan schwatal got into mit'
'what fuck is a womanizer'
'Like we are currently living in the prologue to a fucking young adult novel film adaptation'
'theres some kid on the downstate bus the only thing he brought was a pull up bar'
'The boys are back in town'
'Im killing myself'
'int th;
int j;
int k;'
'kinda the opposite'
'Oh god oh fuck the government knows I have internet access now'
'junior u bench'
'>go up to lunch lady to order
>say can we have just fries
>mfw they think Im schizophrenic
>mfw Im probably schizophrenic'
'Look at these stupid reacts now'
'fuck cilantro'
'Namit threatened to report me because I sent a wikipedia article about the Nanjing massacre to the 05 gc'
'Alex waggoner'
'klaybis sent liana a fucking poem'
'dry eye in German translates to gamer eye syndrome'
'FaZe Joe Biden [HGP] {HINC} sent an attachment.'
'wy did i lia at is'
'I think this is so fucking funny only just because it exists. Like why the hell did you pose with your gaming PC?'
'Operation Logan Wood was a success'
'ari fishkin just tried to explain what an incel was to our diglit class'
'Were talking about concentration camp death counts and Kevins just smirking'
'he's an actual skinhead'
'Bruh why the fuck so many people at this school simps? Just had this realization'
'me in oop'
'Look, BC1 take home answer key!
https://www.google.com/search?q=troll+face&hl=en&prmd=ivsn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwijte70sunnAhVBRK0KHRsrA4gQ_AUoAXoECA0QAQ&biw=375&bih=559#imgrc=Pk3DV_CajgqCiM'
'Controversial means that theres mixed opinions.

Everybody disliked that.'
'NO WHY IS THIS CONTROVERSIAL'
'something'
'This has Dowling vibes idk why'
'Also if u squint yandere dev kinda look like diego'
'oh no'
'white kids be like "kill all nwords spics and jews white power" and their parents be like "haha you never know what these kids hear on the internet these days, I can't control them"'
'hoo hah hoo tiki tiki'
'junior u rn'
'everybody in junior u'
'Just uhh keep this between the boys ok'
'Bruh jack just walked into our room drunk as shit'
'@Peter Leahy go ahead, buy some merch'
'Bro when sonic's shoes got messed up, I fucking said "not the yaddas"'
'shouldnt sam be asking that'
'Airpwane'
'I just remembered that turn down for what was a song'
'i will make mine repeat the phrase big chungus for all eternity'
'MY SOSTER JUST CALLED HER NEW SHOES BIG CHUNGUS SHOES IM GOING TO KILL HER'
'"white bois discuss who will be the first to snap"'
'ofallon 2 electric boogaloo'
'what does this mean'
'Give him some darts'
'Whatcha doin step bro'
'Happy Valentine's day Kings and queens'
'You give off those vibes'
'i came home at like 4 pm and i crashed on my bed and i have not gotten up seince'
'Alex waggoner is a cringe redditor'
'Leftist unity before liberal unity, you get the bullet'
'Was robbing my neighbors house and found these in the jewelry box! Awesome!'
'@Kevin Cordero  this is you'
'da mos'
'Thanks yall '
'alright boys and gals, i really hoped you guys liked color reveals, i know some people have mixed feelings but yknow, its going to be fun at the end of the day'
'https://youtu.be/FnB1l9mlI_w'
'c0ck5'
'H0E5 MAD'
'Ugandan Knuckles 05'
'I just had a dream where I played geometry dash. Thats it. Nothing else interesting happened'
'i wrote chungus fart on my dean essay to help me think but i just realised he chekcs veersion history'
'aiden just put jacksons uncrustable in the ceiling'
''
'public void funny()'
'Torres doujinshi'
'Checked you out'
'kevin kusy's office. he legally cannot tell anyone'
'Torres's office'
'Math office'
'Oh that was the gorl woth the bare ass i saw today?'
'GOD HOW DOES SHE NOT KNOW ARRRGGHHHH'
'I volunteer'
'So like if they pull me in for cyberbullying im just gonna be like listen. i said this i even apologized'
'IT DOESNT MATTER ITS OUR BIRTHRIGHT AND ITS BEING OVERRUN BY HORNY SOPHS'
'I'm about to call out their bullshit on the other chat watch me'
'"I wanna get myself a gay girl bro"'
'im just tryna do my homework man i dont need to look over and see literally a bare ass'
'Fail'
'fuck it. sex at junior u'
'ok now branded as toxic'
'he just took off his pants and told me to smell his taint'
'Ry roams 01 like a big daddy without a lil sister'
'I feel like hentai the 69th lol'
'Nate tamez headass'
'#modpeter'
'illinois math and science academy more like illinois ass eater academy'
'@Chris Leahy does your mom know you're hot'
'@Chris Leahy you are hot'
'God i wanna see his ass'
'My brother has a fucking ancom flag in his dorm room'
'Gotta get that total up somehow'
'"I could be black"- klaybis'
'I have contributed to society by editing the Minecraft wiki'
'Jaelynn loves milk'
'If I get sick because of this boy, I will rape him'
'I want a double triple chungus deluxe burger, on a tit, 4x4, really nigga style, extra chungles with a pogger and a squeeze, light nut grease, make it kek, fuck it, and let it cum'
'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1QV-kdsexk'
'Dimwittie really watching Zootopia by Junior U'
'also fogel made funny not joke in class today'
'Tears fears and swag brother'
'deepu came into my quad and the first thing he did was yell the n word'
'me watching the gay kids have sex at junior u'
'Who is Hamood22 -fogel'
'BRUH RODRIGO SAW OIR ROOM ARRANGEMENT AND SAID ITS AWESOME'
'i filed taxes today'
'@Logan Wood this look kinda like you'
'My mom really considering sending my ass to russia'
'Wife bought me an impossible burnger'
'He could be any one of us: He could be in this very room, he could be you, he could be me'
'Diego rn'
'Rodrigo looked at the Miku poster and said let me take a moment to just take in these decorations'
'If im classified as 16 or 17 im killing torres himself'
'He flashed a smile and waved but then realized I wasn't waving at him and then did a full blank face in less than three seconds'
'[edgy remark]'
'im gonna be honest ive just been on here to avoid my homework'
'@Diego Lichel .when 
Tongue hurt'
'Hi! Few things to start off with =] 1. Yes I added you because youre a female gamer, tis an awesome thing to see! 
2. Im Jackson. 
3. Dont be intimidated, but Im not a stereotypical guy. If anything, Ill be the one in the kitchen =D.'
'Klaybis and I are talking about life and i dont even know the guy'
'>I slip on ice on the sidewalk
>my ass goes tumbling down
>someone passes by and offers help up
>are you ok?
>look up
>its terry bogard'
'Aight who the fuck turned the render distance down'
'I was just tryna draw Miku in a bikini and the guy drawing next to me kept looking over, over and over again'
'so we going to ignore Austin's friend doing the stanky leg'
'Forgive me, oh Lord, for I am a gamer.'
'Our father, who art in heaven, 1v1 me in thy game
Thy kingdom come, give me thy gun, so I can quickscope like thee do in heaven'
'I had to explain teabagging to my parents in 4th grade because I did it during a nerf war and some kid cried over it'
'teabag Muslim corpse'
'Peter dong would kill us rn'
'Its been half an hour instead of studying for modphys you all have been talking about how "God gives you a UAV when you get 5 muslim kills"'
'allah'
'You guys called keanu reeves muhammed'
'mecca cube is xbox series x'
'repenting is FFing'
'todd howard is pontius pilate'
'Mary is belle delphine'
'IN RNJESUS NAME WE PRAY, GG'
'instead of saying amen you say gg'
'Jesus has a type disadvantage against Jews'
'Sodom got ROFLstomped'
'St. Ninja'
'FaZe John the Baptist'
'i dont think Jesus would agree with the statement "In the name of the Father, the Son and ninja, get pwned"'
'i gave kevin an uncrustable and he kept complaining so i had to explain the concept to him and eventually ended with "they are circumcised pb&js"'
'AIDEN SENT A PICTURE OF HIS ASS TO TJE WONG GC'
'Bruh -meyer'
'Lets not forget about The List'
'I'm sorry but it has to be said: "umaru chan can go die in a hole".'
'Kevin called umaru foreskin girl'
'Yal incels'
'This is a no gf cuddle zone'
'Gay shit'
'diego will not play undertale

what is that?'
'why cant we just say everything instead of writing'
'Underwear'
'https://youtu.be/tzyd1PBhE58'
'Talking about plots, I am getting my physical and they have a child grooming book'
'Diego get off of /v/'
'I mean this in the nicest way possible but sometimes you guys and so incredibly fucking stupid'
'How do you bake 6 million cookies'
'Ok hold on a sec bout to go fucking beat a motherfucking kangaroo it's aight we ain't the same species'
'Yeah soviets were based they just got rid of their minorities'
'This is certainly a movie'
'I just screamed in the mic "poo eyes semen nachos feather leather coat uh"'
'the nate tamez Playlist:

-im in love with my car
-Panama
-Highway Star
-kickstart my heart'
'@Kevin Cordero birthday present'
'my sister sent this to me with the caption: when youre retarted'
'also max Knutson just called me chad and that just kinda caught me off guard'
'there was this one soph girl yelling chungus over and over and I have never been more confused in my life'
'Bro I havent heard of Modest Mouse in like forever'
'I just said you're gay in front of Wesley's parents'
'Where were u wen Peter was kill'
'Too many impossible burger'
'Im female now'
'I just got my decision back from Purdue, Im in'
'@Austin McDonald take off your clothes'
'Why does this remind of @Kevin Cordero'
'Sachin is 500 episodes in to one piece'
'if i lived in neko para world i would straight up kill all cat girls'
'"im a good gamer"'
'Boys who don't finish college stuff don't get to fuck waifus'
'Me omw to fuck 2d girls'
'I hate the tech guys'
'imagine if darth vader squeezed your balls instead of ur throat'
'>spreads my shit on balls to taste it'
'But on the survey thing, i put that my preferred name is Astolfo'
'Also ms Symoniak is a treasure'
'Mine told me I should be a bricklayer'
'My alexa pulled a borat. she was like "Nice work! NOT"'
'i can't just say playing league'
'diego nicolas michel'
'100% serious no funnies no being racist to people in class like mi4'
'Imagine licking it'
'IMSA only attracts mental ppl cause we got mental issues from not fitting in at public school'
'boys, im living with this quote for the rest of 2020'
'All of them are mine'
'uh oh megan, your gonna need to show your feet again for this scene'
'Haha loser. My wife's boyfriend lets me play rainbows six siege in his pc all the time'
'Amazon after communist revolution'
'I feel that Peter has been a little hard on himself over grades this semester. He may not have gotten straight As this semester but he did still get all As and Bs which is good. He also has far more to balance this year than he did last year. Peter is extremely involved on campus. Not only is he a wing guide but hes also a peer tutor on top of being involved in extracurriculars. Peter is a really good student, he just needs to find the right balance between his school work and all of these things that he does outside of class. I dont want to see Peter overextend himself and make this year far more stressful than it needs to be. He took a break from wing guide duties one week this semester and if he finds himself getting really stressed out again at any point next semester to do the same thing and just reach out to let us know if he starts to feel like he has way too much on his plate and needs to step back from any of these extra responsibilities for a bit to focus on school work or just his mental health and destressing. Peters mental health comes first, then his school work, everything else is of secondary importance and I dont want Peter to feel that his mental health or grades have to suffer because of all of these other responsibilities that he has.'
'I  want to take a moment and apologize. For some, its over my actions for the last  couple days. For others, it's over the last year.

I am not a shameless man, and the stupid, hairbrained scheme I pulled yesterday was just... weird. I regret it. I'm pretty sure all of you have no clue what warhammer is which is completely fine.

I'm an impulsive dude and I regret a lot of things. I even regret how I treat the other seniors and sophomores. I'm not the role model I wanted to be last year and that eats at me



I'm going to try to be less impulsive in the future and I want you guys to tell me when I do something stupid. I care about how people perceive me and I want to improve'
'ive never interacted with dr torres and he knows my name'
'Hey lois remember that time I was arrested for having sex with a minor'
'I like porn'
'Its called Affirmative action'
'Bullet holes head ass amuses me, for it is an accurate description of @Kevin Cordero sometime in his early twenties.'
'(because they are)'
'diversity doesn't exist irl'
'https://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/ejw5ox/ms/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share'
'im at art institute they have vegan soy burger'
'len washington is in fucking dubai'
'yes, their poorly trained army equipped with pre Cold War era tech is going to win against the worlds number one military superpower with weaponry not even known to the general public'
'That's why it's called shampoo'
'irl bad graphics'
'my dream was weird man it was a dream Len Washington finally broke and became super buff and /fit/ and then went around slaying people with a sword he forget himself'
'my mom is telling me that if I have sex I have to wear a condom and I asked her why she assumed I would be the one wearing the condom'
'Patrick Kilcullen has to get approval before he goes back to IMSA goddamnit'
'God I hope I get bombed by Russia'
'Now the world can end faster thank god'
'He looks cute ngl no homo'
'Knowledge should be free. The idea of people suppressing knowledge just because it doesn't align with what they think just absolutely disgusts me'
'HOW DARE TEACHERS TEACH STUDENTS TO HAVE THEIR OWN THOUGHTS AND OPINIONS'
'Worst theater experience was in cars 2........'
'in real..'
'Austin McDonald: 5661
Chas Schreiber: 3001
Diego Lichel: 2662
Kevin Cordero: 2048
Peter Leahy: 1727
Krystian Szczech:1708
Jackson Dooley: 1641
Brett Looby: 1627
Jaelynn Abdullah:847
Alana Rock:  653'
'MOVING TO INDIA TO LIVE AT INDIA MATH AND SCIENCE ACADEMY'
'Religion bad'
'imma start the year off right by sitting in a hotel room'
'shit stop reacting'
'I don't like how messenger creates image previews of media on a linked website'
'AND THEYRE TALKING ABOUT FUCKING LEAFY'
'CIA stands for cum in ass lol'
'You are whiter than @Chas Schreiber  @Diego Lichel'
'India superpower bitches'
'This is false because all men are Kings.'
'Rip x'
'Found brett'
'Im gay for ryan gosling'
'All of 01 B is ironically gay or actually gay'
'There was this one book series that I had almost finished reading a while ago(when I was like 12ish). I was on the last book, but my mom took it away because she had read somewhere online that the characters kisses horizontally in it for like 3 sentences. I had already seen porn at that point, so idk wtf harm reading about kissing would've done to me. I think she was worried that I would be spurred on by reading that, but that doesn't really make sense because i was reading, voluntarily, so clearly I would never be able to engage in physical contact of any kind with another person  without passing out from fear. In addition to me not getting to learn about the end of the series, I was also sort of traumatized; from then on out, when a book I was reading had characters engaging in anything more intense that hand-holding, I was scared that my mom would find out and take the book away. Today, I have decided to conquer that fear by buying some erotic novels and reading them, just to flex on her.'
'None of those are rock'
'I juwst downvoted y-youw post.

#FAQ

#What does dis mean?
De a-amount of kawma (points) on y-youw post awnd Weddit account has decweased by one.

#Why did yuw do dis?
D-Dewe awe sevewaw w-weasons I may deem a p-post tuwu be u-unwowdy of positive ow neutwaw k-kawma. Dese incwude, but awe not wimited tuwu:

W-Wudeness towawds odew Wedditows,

Spweading incowwect infowmation,

Posting in de wwong sub,

#Am I-I banned f-fwom de Weddit?
No - not yet. But yuw shouwd w-wefwain fwom m-making posts wike dis in de futuwe. Odewwise I wiww be fowced tuwu issue an additionaw downvote, which may put y-youw commenting awnd posting p-pwiviweges in j-jeopawdy.

#I don't bewieve mwy post desewved a downvote. Can yuw un-downvote iwt?
S-Suwe, mistakes happen. But onwy in exceedingwy wawe ciwcumstances wiww I-I undo a downvote. If yuw wouwd wike t-tuwu issue an appeaw, shoot me a pwivate message expwaining what I-I got w-wwong. I t-tend tuwu wespond tuwu Weddit PMs widin sevewaw minutes. Do n-note, howevew, dat ovew 99.9% of downvote a-appeaws awe wejected, awnd y-youws iws w-wikewy no exception.

#How can I pwevent dis fwom happening in de f-futuwe?
Accept de downvote awnd move on. But weawn fwom dis mistake: y-youw behaviow wiww not be towewated on W-Weddit.com. I wiww continue t-tuwu issue d-downvotes untiw yuw impwove youw c-conduct. Wemembew: Weddit iws pwiviwege, not a wight.'
'Only good cop is a dead one'
'I saw star wars rise of the redditor'
'Cats will stick their ass in your face and purr like some type of whore'
'That is uncanny'
'https://youtu.be/TVl9qR89bYk'
'All rock artists born after 1996 know how to do is play math rock cry and be bisexual'
'I thought this was madhav'
'First name was dr'
'Oh yeah Im vice president of Hatikvah lmao. But i celebrate both christmas and hanukkah'
'it's not porn, it's creative expression'
'ALSO MY estranged father just sent me a card with 200 bucks'
'Ok anyway im almost home from driving back from south carolina all in 1 day so im. gonna go happy hanukkah'
'Yall have been at this for two fucking hours'
'I will have the bigger dick size'
'itadaki seieki'
'I hate destiny'
'Eat a couple hormone bugers before the year ends and you could be the hot female b/w trainer'
'You are legitimately retarded'
'this subreddit https://www.reddit.com/r/hottiesfortrump/'
'My grandma got me an osu Tablet for Christmas'
'my family is asking me what funny yellow dog means help'
'Vasectomy not on the list :('
'He has the tiddies to match'
'You are now white female'
'Save your gift opening chastity for tomorrow you present slut'
'The lord is cum'
'Man my family really does think I'm gay'
'I got tame impala tickets'
'tfw Santa makes the color Bone with Silian Grail lettering'
'In the words of @Peter Leahy fellow townsmen: "merry Christmas motherfuckers!"'
'I hate God'
'******I AM ALLOWED TO SAY SOMETHING LIKE THIS HAPPY HANUKKAH EVERYBODY******'
'He could be anyone of us'
'I hate White elephant'
'im probably just going to start a fucking wwe royale in the room'
'me tomorrow when my wifes boyfriend gets me a vasectomy for christmas'
'Santa is the #1 distributor of coal'
'Lift your head up king, your gamer headset is falling off'
'Peter slept in my room 4 nights in a row and didnt go back to his room because of utter embarrassment from his roommate walking in on him while he was beating his meat'
'Hows that whole being a disappointment to your family who has anxiety attacks over maybe not getting into Princeton going'
'I just bass boosted my ears'
'buoyant poop hours'
'He actually believes my mother is a witch'
'I am going to my friends house at 3am to deliver sans hentai'
'cept im horny'
'Horny causes depression'
'Guys im in south carolina and they have both pomegranates and cherries at the store'
'ig chungus'
'I got fuckingn adult diapers for white elephant'
'they had chad therapy dog'
'you are almost all disappointments............................................................................................................................you love phone more than god i'm sure....'
'yell "I HAVE A BOMB, AND THE NEXT PERSON I SEE IS GETTING IT"'
'My therapist told me I was in the wrong tracks and needed to find god when I was 8 because I loved futurama'
'Imagine nog having a reliable public transport'
'irpny bottle'
'me eating asbestos'
'ADHD will take awhile to diagnose but I did get diagnosed with severe chronic depression and they gave me le funny meds'
'You bought a car

You named it



you loved brad

 
  

you 2 had been through everything together

* 2 boyfriends
* 3 jobs

you're like,    
 

  '
'FaZe EGirl sent a link.'
'So did I shes not special'
'This is archen every time he walked into my le3 kind class'
'Nig chungus'
'yall ever been so horny you see an individual atom and say damn that C-6 looking thicc as fuck...'
'(emplemon is white sorry diego)'
'Hes a chad you tuber who used to make youtube poops but then started making extremely high quality content'
'Black'
'emplemon chad'
'I only watched le funny leafy videos'
'>tfw in a capitalist society you cant even afford dying'
'Peter already lost his card to my computer background'
'r/jobuds'
'Boku no hero academia is a good show'
'jackson if muppet'
'I didn't recognize myself in the mirror'
'epic india pride  jai hind   proud to be indian ...'
'This is very inaccurate,

The suicide nets prevent any such attempt'
'I guarantee she has never wanted to brutally murder a person before she met me'
'this what the MI4 final look like'
'The new star wars movie is anime'
'fuck it. no flags'
'I just saw a couple come out of a no admittance authorized personnel only shed and i-'
'Itsa me, super mario on tha Unreal Engine, yahoo!'
'"is israel a valid state?"

My 13 yr old sister "idk indiana is"'
'Free Bobby shmurda'
'Jojo part 5 but they all say boss in the Nate Tamez voice'
'peter is a baby . hes scared of the train station. he wouldnt fight nobody he would show up and then start cryin'
'Tat on the taint'
'I want Richard Nixon's face on ass cheeks'
'my next tattoo will be the word Wyoming written on my forehead'
'U coulda at least chose Mecca man'
'Come visit'
'@Peter Leahy'
'I've just been thinking about that squirrel who got his nuts stuck in a fence and I'm like damn sometimes I feel like that squirrel'
'My sister is forcing me to do a 24 hour bathroom challenge and bow I am sleeping on a bathroom floor with a shopkins blanket and pillow'
'yo who want some life size animals'
'Yes.'
'So if i were to stop time'
'based SR71 ornament'
'I mess them up intensionally. Instagram thinks im a conservitard libertarian furry'
'Lmao y'all stream your music? I just carry around 20 gb of music everywhere I go'
'If you're doing this for profit I'd understand. But rn I don't.'
'Fuck it, we talking in a mirror for 2 hours straight'
'Adderall'
'I was thinking if someone wanted to commission nsfw. Id draw NSFW regardless of age bcs like bruh its coming out of my damn mind man'
'Im eating lunch with the only 7 people on campus'
'Birthday cake'
'My mom and I were watching a YouTube video on my phone'
'I spent a whole weekend mastering them to impress a girl I liked ;v;'
'you have been africa checked'
'What does this mean'
'Fuck you'
'I wanna fuck the Pope'
'Bible 2 but Jesus discusses modern issues that were not stated in the Bible such as masturbation and anime'
'Jesus was keanu reeves'
'Fox News rn'
'all girls after 1993'
'Just a reminder you are worthy of love and respect.'
'whats yohioloid'
'That discrete mathematics test was swag'
'Im getting antidepressants for Christmas bros'
'Being a disappointment to your family is bad but being a disappointment to yourself is worse'
'To fix my essay, I changed it from Dominos delivery drivers to all pizza delivery drivers, since it isn't working for dominos that makes them heroes, but rather delivering pizza to us'
'Goop for you tonight'
'tfw lose your 24k gold plated yamika'
'My dad thought it was me saying I am gay for Peter'
'british is intellegeunt'
'For AWRAP I am talking about how Christianity and Muslim communities despise homosexuals because its forbidden in the Bible and Quran, and out instinct I typed "According to the bible, being a homosexual is gay"'
'( _`)'
'Le epic female scientist contributed to post punk more than astro physics'
'anyone have orange juice im kinda horny for some ornage juice rn'
'tfw red spy is in the base'
'also can we all agree that prog rock is good and peter is wrong'
'unrelated but "Baby it's cold Outside" is literally just not a rape culture song'
'me in middle school'
'please excuse my dope ass swag'
'@Austin McDonald if u stayed in korea you couldve had government mandated gf'
'faZe Fardt pfhhhpblllt fartnoise'
'epicly'
'if this message gets 8 heart eye reacts I will add him to the chat'
'my quad out here getting tilted at google mexican bingo'
'>LITERALLY TOO COOL TO EXIST'
'tfw literally the coolest plane ever made but is so cool it stretches 2 extra feet at cruising speed causing massive oil leaks when not in use ultimately leading up to large mechanical failure'
'No I volunteered to be country lead at the US embassy because none of the retard ass generals volunteered to do it'
'I have to transfer to a KC135 en route to iraq'
'fuck this shit Im outta here'
'what the FUCK guys xxxtentacion died AGAIN'
'It's like a shitty boomer comic "father why can't I click my hand"'
'I had a dream that WWIII happened and someone nuked imsa multiple times'
'The sophs just walked into my room with a 10 inch dildo'
'Weighted blankets feel amazing'
'What the hell this is fucking good'
'We breaking into the K-Line crate and sleeping in it after in hall during senior year'
'Csgo player when they piss into their mouths because they didnt learn the spray patterbs of their penis'
'Last night was epic because it's like the one night we stayed up really late and didn't get super depressed and shit.'
'The binders behind you look like bunny ears]'
'Klaybis x Yaejoon fanfic when'
'luis took my quad out for wendy's, and we got tailed for 20 minutes'
'I just want some gf cuddles man'
'When I grow up I wanna still be alive'
'Jahseh miku'
'come to miku concert with us'
'I have a whole ass paper to write and im thinking about what i would be like if I was bald'
'imsa teachers really be like "bro we care about our students" then do this shit'
'rcs found our piss jar'
'yin and yang'
'https://youtu.be/KxGRhd_iWuE'
'I go see pediatrician and psychiatrist over break to see if I can get professionally diagnosed and also meds'
'Landen is gone'
'-Ms Townsend'
'Len when tony spreads peanut butter on his head'
'currently downloading martin cabello clips'
'Ask captain sparkles'
'"Your my creator but I am your master, kinky!" - Len to Diego'
'Someone really took out their stress there'
'Its only been open a week lmao'
'Notice how palestine is red pill'
'ITS A GOOD ALBUM'
'This game has comic sans'
'is that a hardware store'
'no you look like funny big brain wojak'
'Alright then. Fuck it we bringing the fursuit.'
'google cookies are the biggest rats right next to 6ix9ine'
'I run for president and I kill the CEO of racism and anime is free'
'If you werent in Illinois, our score would higher, Kevin.'
'One month until india superpower'
'God is milking the franchise tbh'
'have u guys heard of american dad speedrunning'
'I'm kinda glad to go back tomorrow. Although there's loads of hard work, I get to be back with all the cool people in a more accepting place than at home'
'Fuck man. We really gotta go back tomorrow'
'I've finally decided that league of legends is cringe'
'switch for hanukkah switch for hanukkah'
'thats almost as bad as getting blown up by the artillery cannon named big chungus'
'Imagine getting beat by a police officer wearing a hazbin hotel pin'
'no flags'
'on halloween me and luca walked in to dr eysturlids office and said we dressed as anime characters bcs we know u love anime'
'Fuck capitalism, fuck black friday, and fuck every single fucking degenerate that frequents walmart at 7pm'
'>goes to walmart with intent to buy instead of steal'
'talking to my grandparents about how papa john ate 40 pizzas in the last 30 days'
'Irony graph'
'Im logging off, but happy thanksgiving!'
'Take food to your room and watch anime'
'thankful for cat girls'
'they were the pinnacle of toxic but it was great'
'Joker said something like that'
'I'm feeling kinda. Like inspired ngl. I haven't felt this good mentally for so long.'
'I got the default LEGO hair'
'Me and the boys eating eclairs'
'Porn bad'
'My dad bought death stranding '
'At least our priests dont diddle kids'
'Protestant gang.'
'Tommorow if i see any of yall speaking at all in this chat besides a Happy Thanksgiving im kicking you, spend time with yall family!!'
'gm kings! just want to remind you guys that epstein didnt kill himself.'
'My kisses are reserved for Logan Wood, sorry bois'
'stando user: tay mitchell
stando name: poop sex
stando power: poop sex'
'We got on the wrong train'
'Purple Haze is the manifestation of Fugos rage and his uncontrollable fury. Purple Haze is one of the most dangerous stands in the series, because its connected to Fugos rage and not his kind, intelligent self. Fugo hates Purple Haze, because it reminds him of the monster he is when he loses himself with rage. Much like Fugo when he loses himself with rage, Purple Haze is dangerous not only to Fugos enemies, but also his friends.'
'fuck it. dude wheres my car on switch'
'me and peter r gonna suffer tmrw on the train together'
'Why must you spend your short life span whining like a bitch'
'I had a girl in middle school dance ask me to dance with her and i said no and i didnt know why she asked until 2 years later'
'Probably laundering money like mattressfirm'
'Im stuff'
'frau (german teacher) had to explain what a foreskin was to us in german today'
'The roaring twenties but instead it's the rawring twenties'
'in mi4 today I said today is just not my day and fogel responded is it ever your day and Im just vibing with that statement'
'tfw alarm goes off at 10:40 instead of the time you actually set it for'
'For my entry into the national Russian essay contest I said that we live in a society and ranted about how the school system sucks for people who aren't interested in tech'
'why go to relaxation room if you can relax in your normal room'
'fogel: *is talking about air traffic control*

fogel: *pauses for 10 seconds in the middle of talking*

fogel: "When 9/11 happened..."'
'I remember watching the ninjago episode where he learned that he is a robot and it was the saddest thing I ever saw'
'i went to bed at 11:30 and just woke up'
'4:01 AM'
'and ia m a material girl'
'An Obama Speech but every space is filled with the word "buttsex" (Try to read)

PRESIDENT buttsex OBAMA: Hey! buttsex Hello, buttsex Illinois! buttsex I-L-L! buttsex I-L-L! buttsex Okay, buttsex okay. buttsex Just buttsex checking buttsex to buttsex see buttsex if buttsex you're buttsex awake. buttsex Please buttsex have buttsex a buttsex seat, buttsex everybody. buttsex It buttsex is buttsex good buttsex to buttsex be buttsex home. buttsex It's buttsex good buttsex to buttsex see buttsex corn. buttsex buttsex buttsex Beans. buttsex I buttsex was buttsex trying buttsex to buttsex explain buttsex to buttsex somebody buttsex as buttsex we buttsex were buttsex flying buttsex in, buttsex that's buttsex corn. buttsex That's buttsex beans. buttsex And buttsex they buttsex were buttsex very buttsex impressed buttsex at buttsex my buttsex agricultural buttsex knowledge. buttsex Please buttsex give buttsex it buttsex up buttsex for buttsex Amaury buttsex once buttsex again buttsex for buttsex that buttsex outstanding buttsex introduction. buttsex I buttsex have buttsex a buttsex bunch buttsex of buttsex good buttsex friends buttsex here buttsex today, buttsex including buttsex somebody buttsex who buttsex I buttsex served buttsex with, buttsex who buttsex is buttsex one buttsex of buttsex the buttsex finest buttsex senators buttsex in buttsex the buttsex country, buttsex and buttsex we're buttsex lucky buttsex to buttsex have buttsex him, buttsex your buttsex Senator, buttsex Dick buttsex Durbin buttsex is buttsex here. buttsex I buttsex also buttsex noticed, buttsex by buttsex the buttsex way, buttsex former buttsex Governor buttsex Edgar buttsex here, buttsex who buttsex I buttsex haven't buttsex seen buttsex in buttsex a buttsex long buttsex time, buttsex and buttsex somehow buttsex he buttsex has buttsex not buttsex aged buttsex and buttsex I buttsex have. buttsex And buttsex it's buttsex great buttsex to buttsex see buttsex you, buttsex Governor. buttsex I buttsex want buttsex to buttsex thank buttsex President buttsex Killeen buttsex and buttsex everybody buttsex at buttsex the buttsex U buttsex of buttsex I buttsex System buttsex for buttsex making buttsex it buttsex possible buttsex for buttsex me buttsex to buttsex be buttsex here buttsex today. buttsex And buttsex I buttsex am buttsex deeply buttsex honored buttsex at buttsex the buttsex Paul buttsex Douglas buttsex Award buttsex that buttsex is buttsex being buttsex given buttsex to buttsex me. buttsex He buttsex is buttsex somebody buttsex who buttsex set buttsex the buttsex path buttsex for buttsex so buttsex much buttsex outstanding buttsex public buttsex service buttsex here buttsex in buttsex Illinois. buttsex Now, buttsex I buttsex want buttsex to buttsex start buttsex by buttsex addressing buttsex the buttsex elephant buttsex in buttsex the buttsex room. buttsex I buttsex know buttsex people buttsex are buttsex still buttsex wondering buttsex why buttsex I buttsex didn't buttsex speak buttsex at buttsex the buttsex commencement. buttsex The buttsex student buttsex body buttsex president buttsex sent buttsex a buttsex very buttsex thoughtful buttsex invitation. buttsex The buttsex students buttsex made buttsex a buttsex spiffy buttsex video. buttsex And buttsex when buttsex I buttsex declined, buttsex I buttsex hear buttsex there buttsex was buttsex speculation buttsex that buttsex I buttsex was buttsex boycotting buttsex campus buttsex until buttsex Antonio's buttsex Pizza buttsex reopened. buttsex So buttsex I buttsex want buttsex to buttsex be buttsex clear. buttsex I buttsex did buttsex not buttsex take buttsex sides buttsex in buttsex that buttsex late-night buttsex food buttsex debate. buttsex The buttsex truth buttsex is, buttsex after buttsex eight buttsex years buttsex in buttsex the buttsex White buttsex House, buttsex I buttsex needed buttsex to buttsex spend buttsex some buttsex time buttsex one-on-one buttsex with buttsex Michelle buttsex if buttsex I buttsex wanted buttsex to buttsex stay buttsex married.f buttsex World buttsex War buttsex II, buttsex we buttsex built buttsex a buttsex postwar buttsex web, buttsex architecture, buttsex system buttsex of buttsex alliances buttsex and buttsex institutions buttsex to buttsex underwrite buttsex freedom buttsex and buttsex oppose buttsex Soviet buttsex totalitarianism buttsex and buttsex to buttsex help buttsex poorer buttsex countries buttsex develop. buttsex This buttsex American buttsex leadership buttsex across buttsex the buttsex globe buttsex wasn't buttsex perfect. buttsex We buttsex made buttsex buttsex you've buttsex got buttsex the buttsex power buttsex to buttsex make buttsex sure buttsex white buttsex nationalists buttsex don't buttsex feel buttsex emboldened buttsex to buttsex march buttsex with buttsex their buttsex hoods buttsex off buttsex or buttsex their buttsex hoods buttsex on buttsex in buttsex Charlottesville buttsex in buttsex the buttsex middle buttsex of buttsex the buttsex day. buttsex Thirty buttsex minutes. buttsex Thirty buttsex minutes buttsex of buttsex your buttsex time. buttsex Is buttsex democracy buttsex worth buttsex that? buttsex We buttsex have buttsex been buttsex through buttsex much buttsex darker buttsex times buttsex than buttsex these, buttsex and buttsex somehow buttsex each buttsex generation buttsex of buttsex Americans buttsex carried buttsex us buttsex through buttsex to buttsex the buttsex other buttsex side. buttsex Not buttsex by buttsex sitting buttsex around buttsex and buttsex waiting buttsex for buttsex something buttsex to buttsex happen, buttsex not buttsex by buttsex leaving buttsex it buttsex to buttsex others buttsex to buttsex do buttsex something, buttsex but buttsex by buttsex leading buttsex that buttsex movement buttsex for buttsex change buttsex themselves. buttsex And buttsex if buttsex you buttsex do buttsex that, buttsex if buttsex you buttsex get buttsex involved, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex get buttsex engaged, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex knock buttsex on buttsex some buttsex doors, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex talk buttsex with buttsex your buttsex friends, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex argue buttsex with buttsex your buttsex family buttsex members, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex change buttsex some buttsex minds, buttsex and buttsex you buttsex vote, buttsex something buttsex powerful buttsex happens. buttsex Change buttsex happens. buttsex Hope buttsex happens. buttsex Not buttsex perfection. buttsex Not buttsex every buttsex bit buttsex of buttsex cruelty buttsex and buttsex sadness buttsex and buttsex poverty buttsex and buttsex disease buttsex suddenly buttsex stricken buttsex from buttsex the buttsex earth. buttsex There buttsex will buttsex still buttsex be buttsex problems. buttsex But buttsex with buttsex each buttsex new buttsex candidate buttsex that buttsex surprises buttsex you buttsex with buttsex a buttsex victory buttsex that buttsex you buttsex supported, buttsex a buttsex spark buttsex of buttsex hope buttsex happens. buttsex With buttsex each buttsex new buttsex law buttsex that buttsex helps buttsex a buttsex kid buttsex read buttsex or buttsex helps buttsex a buttsex homeless buttsex family buttsex find buttsex shelter buttsex or buttsex helps buttsex a buttsex veteran buttsex get buttsex the buttsex support buttsex he buttsex or buttsex she buttsex has buttsex earned, buttsex each buttsex time buttsex that buttsex happens, buttsex hope buttsex happens. buttsex With buttsex each buttsex new buttsex step buttsex we buttsex take buttsex in buttsex the buttsex direction buttsex of buttsex fairness buttsex and buttsex justice buttsex and buttsex equality buttsex and buttsex opportunity, buttsex hope buttsex spreads. buttsex And buttsex that buttsex can buttsex be buttsex the buttsex legacy buttsex of buttsex your buttsex generation. buttsex You buttsex can buttsex be buttsex the buttsex generation buttsex that buttsex at buttsex a buttsex critical buttsex moment buttsex stood buttsex up buttsex and buttsex reminded buttsex us buttsex just buttsex how buttsex precious buttsex this buttsex experiment buttsex in buttsex democracy buttsex really buttsex is, buttsex just buttsex how buttsex powerful buttsex it buttsex can buttsex be buttsex when buttsex we buttsex fight buttsex for buttsex it, buttsex when buttsex we buttsex believe buttsex in buttsex it. buttsex I buttsex believe buttsex in buttsex you. buttsex I buttsex believe buttsex you buttsex will buttsex help buttsex lead buttsex us buttsex in buttsex the buttsex right buttsex direction. buttsex And buttsex I buttsex will buttsex be buttsex right buttsex there buttsex with buttsex you buttsex every buttsex step buttsex of buttsex the buttsex way. buttsex Thank buttsex you, buttsex Illinois. buttsex God buttsex bless. buttsex God buttsex bless buttsex this buttsex country buttsex we buttsex love. buttsex Thank buttsex you.'
''
'Fuck you if you think I'm going to let you give up on yourself'
'I'm never going to be in a relationship but it would be chill and good of someone would make me soup when I'm sick'
'I love you guys'
'Fuck i had homework yall'
'IMSA would cum over this club'
'call me weird if you want but one of my dreams is to go to a hearing with mrs. ginnett and win my argument. I would smile as I watch her have no possible counter argument as I am right. She cant fight back against the truth that is me winning.'
'Can we make imsa militia club'
'Does it not make you angry children be locked in cages because of racism, children be killed because of money, and that the system you now kmow is an oligarchy, that enables harm on others for gain????'
'Market pliers'
'I'm going to fucking kill those bastards marrying 12 year olds'
'ngl i kinda want to get into a fight with people sometimes'
'My ex in 8th grade accused me of rape and I lost every friend I had ever made, including some of been friends with since first grade. Not fun'
'You know how goddamn terrifying the prospect of being raped is'
'I went through a time in my life where I had very loud and real voices in my head. Theyre gone now, I think'
'Ill only agreed to be cremated if my axes get mixed with Sam and chass'
'scatter my ashes in eyesturlid's office'
'I just want my ashes to put in a firework, shot intinthe sky, and the a penis is made by the lights, just to remind all my mourners to take a load off'
'Funnerals should celebrate their lifes not mope around their death'
'Dont be a loser'
'Listen. Killing yourself is not praxis, it is against idealism, it is against anarcho com. Youd be against the commune'
'Actually dont tho. Ik its like the cheesiest thing to say but you dont know how many people it will affect. There are several people out there like me who love and support you guys that just dont talk to you that much.'
'I kinda feel like taking a shotgun to the face in the main building. I think it would be kinda baller ngl'
'Love has no effect on me'
'I'm a closet feminist and hate all men who aren't my friends'
'This is just a fucking lie'
'Never date'
'Communication be key in relationship'
'Fucking scum of the earth. So glad I dumped her'
'Peter's prisoner of war book: diary of a wimpy white'
'Dana Ginnette will be the judge of that'
'Being white'
'I just saw a sign for joint pain and the number it said to call was 888-END-MY-PAIN'
'Peter waiting outsode of dana ginnettes office'
'Idk whats up with him hes genuinely smart and intruging but he thinks he needs to be offensive for attention'
'Moral of the story: dont be racist or me'
'That's funny bc it's the opposite of what happened'
'Did anyone else realize how many people are having bdays recently? I wonder what could have been going on at about this time 9 months ago?'
'RIP'
'i was deabting if i actually posted that'
'i'm in the top 5 for senior mosts best gamer'
'except whites'
'kevin coochie'
'All white people racist'
'They sent the email because they were fired'
'I am a rat'
'Cummies'
'Ok I boomers always say go play outside bruh tf is there to do, just sit there and want to off yourself? Idk man'
'Bros what do u guys think'
'if I am ever to go down in a blaze of fire I am taking brenda bazan with me'
'Ponybro more like BRONY amirite

Anonymous. Random /b/, 10 October 2010. 4chan.'
'Better to not exist than to exist'
'realism and idealism are thingking too far ahead. we dont know any of that stuff. just do wwhat u want and you will figure out the rest'
'all of it is in my head. i guess ill start writing'
'best motto to life is go crazy aaaaa go stupid aaaaa'
'I live to live, bro. Fuck, im not going to college because college poo-poo. Just do what you want'
'so this sounds kinda dumb but I would just go to random people and make them laugh. when they do it warms me up inside cause I feel like Im funny and I know they at least were able to brighten up for a few seconds'
'we said Aggretsuko at check and Rodrigo turned around and said I heard Aggretsuko'
'Diego cumming to aggretsuko hentai'
'I never want to hear the word cummies again'
'Why are you guys talking about cummies it's too early for this'
'This is a cum moment'
'Cum'
'Doxxing time'
'Couldnt we just superimpose her name over redacted areas to check if the leingth is a match?'
'Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger!!'
'sex.'
'jfk be like'
'Fuck i got cuaght watching family guy in the wing commons'
'allah'
'Home address	1187 N Cherry St
Galesburg, IL 61401-2739
Home phone	309-342-1961'
'Honestly I be agreeing with imsa on this one'
'Imsa's reply is in MLA format roughly'
'Dr. Cross be like i dont think ive ever heard you talk, brett'
'Dr Torres just made fun in me for my busted ass backpack'
'@Diego Lichel @Chas Schreiber CONFLICT INSURGENCY AND TERRORISM INTERSESSION'
'Our discussion is still going on what the fuck'
'We live in a society'
'Peters so gonna be racist after this'
'Computer programs from the 60s be like'
'Grace smith doesnt know nyan cat'
'Wish me luck fellas'
'"I mustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later"'
'Remember when white females were using mustache as an aesthetic in like 5th grade'
'i failed it'
'So I never got the memo about puberty happening to everyone, and I thought it was a concious choice. I really didn't want to go through puberty, so there were a good few months when I thought that I wasn't trying hard enough to stop it happening. I also was homeschooled, so had nobody other than my family to talk to. The one thing I really enjoyed was rock climbing, and I became super uncoordinated because was growing so much. I really thought that something was wrong with me because I couldn't stop puberty.'
'The book has been returned'
'My personality in middle school was Matthew dinwiddie'
'Lmao i was actually a good student in middle school'
'Anime Club Event Idea: we hold a funeral for the loss of Monster Musume by watching the first episode @Teagan Mitchell'
'Schoolgirl's milky suprise'
'I want Dana Ginett to say this is a hentai'
'A moment of silence, is what I shall partake in. RIP in peace, Monster girl. And RIP in peace to our fellow gamer, Austin.'
'The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in "advanced" countries, but they have destabilized society, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The continued development of technology will worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical suffering even in "advanced" countries.'
'guess Im not as clean as I thought'
'me looking at #11 on the ps'
'Bruh'
'The cold brew did not hit'
'i just want to be strong enough to lift pretty girls man'
'Lifting isnt about getting bitches its about the bros you make along the way'
'I dont care about body inage i just want to be strong enough to lift a girl'
'My father (named Chad) said that the top 10 percent play over 50% of taxes. Checkmate, Dumbingyi'
'My sister said systematuc racism doesnt exist :('
'I GOT DENIED ACCESS TO JOKER WTF'
'jah in overwatch'
'I could only fuck you if I couldn't see you so it works out'
'What if 1508 was IMSA's own operation northwoods, since they wanted to get rid of 1508 in order to build ACTUAL 1508, they needed a reason to make students avoid using the term. By planting a bias incident, it would close 1508, hopefully give imsa an excuse to force diversity onto its students and close 1508 all together'
'someon failed nnn'
'The fucking fire alarm went off lmao'
'the last thing the mi system sees after I say I want to kill myself and then call fogel a twink'
'Hes just masturbating dw hell be back'
'fuck it im crnaking one out in the peer tutor room rn'
'Me screaming into my DSi on some random day in 2011'
'im just want gf cuddles'
'I'm a girl, I am exempt '
'My ass is so thick that Jackson couldnt wear my shorts for boomer'
'This is so sad student life said I couldnt use my monado as a prop :('
'imsa when majority of student population is suffering from crushing mental illness'
'but i like that the fbi can hear me talking to myself about the latest astolfo doujin uploaded to nhentai'
'Just know guys i would never fucking kill myself'
'The only upside to capitalism is the ability to order bulk quantities of Froot Loops without ever having to leave bed'
'He will be like
Wy am I att here'
'pretend the sword is one piece'
'Lubing up!'
'I am rooming with Ari.'
'*insert filthy frank noise *'
'Skinny gay bottom'
'this just turned so wholesome I love it'
'dude I never talked to you but your fb posts last year saved me'
'It was awkward af'
'Guys gossip is bad God says no to gossip wwld (what would landen do)'
'Nate Tamez'
'Goddamn Francesca has a fat ass'
'Good lord Maddy is terrible'
'tony is 10000x worse than len'
'He said, while clenching his fists, "Tony Martin is the worst man ever. I hate him so much."'
'Peter you have the aura of a school shooter'
'Or Maybe he wanted it but then when he got there it was gone'
'Why would you independent study Paradise Lost when this exists'
'he's just chillin doe its alright'
'That's state property'
'i hate white people'
'Wolf = keys'
'fuk it we listening to death grips instead of homework tonight. When shirley asks where the prolem solvin thing is ill just metamorphosize into mc ride'
'but at least I can listen to chad'
'Then hes just fucking retarded'
'Theodore j kazcynski. That's a weird way to spell Amazon'
'Its a room in the center of the music wing. Its extra backrooms-esque'
'Bro can we take a school trip to Hong Kong'
'This seems like something a school shooter would send before he shoots up the school'
'Guys his name is John Doe'
'I'm gonna be honest, I've learned more about the practical use of music theory in one day of watchknv yotube than k have in a whole quarter of music theory.'
'time to see who is browsing porn at this hour'
'sans'
'the prompt : "compare Europe to Japan"     my essay : "the effects of anime on warfare in japan, and how the spread of anime to Europe effected conflict there"'
'Sophomores the only ones to.be up at 9 am blastin anime meme compilation in public'
'chad_final.svg'
'I have sex every day and every night. I eat sex for breakfast lunch and dinner'
'Group project at imsa'
'I hate white peple'
'IN THE INDUSTRIAL SECTOR OF IMSA'
'What the fuck i was in the locker room pirating boondocks now i dont know what to do now im with choir and /fit/ kids'
'"Yeah, no sorry ARGONNE that chat is ironic"
...
"Yeah, mhm. Him saying the n-word is ironic too its all just jokes"'
'I deny these allegations but at the same time square up'
'"hey kid are you a mexico?" "no mister vote for donald trump" "keep it up kid" "dios mio that was close"'
'no'
'Interacting with Matthew dimwitty is a punishment'
'I just vomited trying to clear my throat'
'also im having a fucking out of body experience rn'
'Bell pepers and onions belong on pizza'
'anything for penis king '
'I am still making an affordable sex robot whether society likes it or not'
'Owen willson kinda good looking ngl'
'Suicide is badass'
'I mean you can have an opinion on anything but you shouldn't enforce it on others'
'Do nothing. True grillers wont get involved'
'we are shitting in your house'
'i found shit in the ball pit'
'#DicksOutForPeter'
'Bro I could have sucked the stone out of you no homo'
'My old highschool football team won their first game in 2 years today'
'H3h3's baby got some cake'
'island is best'
'They sell yall at woodmans'
'Im going to end Xander brb'
'You were gay in 2007'
'Aiden Brinkmann just mooned me'
'Nigerundayo Smokey'
'welcome to the club bitch'
'This entire list is false because there are no queen songs'
'fuck we go back tomorrow'
'Are you a man or a muppet'
'im gonna go chop down a tree'
'We are the only ones in this Olive Garden'
'Our drug is rampant capitalism'
'We good boys'
'hey fellas if I dont send any messages in the next hour or so Im dead'
'ok'
'Also another problem is that idk whos straight or not'
'goobus'
'also wont work eysturlid will call me a pissy millennial then take my
Phone'
'I actually cum holy shit fucking hell that was absolutely the hardest boss fight Ive ever done'
'I might write about Eva'
'Let's get running on empty food reviews to come and review Sodexo'
'im thinking boxcar derby down circle drive'
'why are you clapping the movie isnt over yet'
'i lost to the final boss is astral chain when he only had a tiny bit of health left and shattered my tv remote into 5 pieces from throwing it against the floor'
'We live in a tri state area'
'Im gonna scan this and put it on a t shirt'
'world hard and cold tiddy soft and warm'
'@ any girls feel free to fall in love w me im just chillin'
'GradeAUnderA ftw'
'i took a vow'
'No i ruin everything around me'
'I knew Canon, he was in my msi class, he signed up for the us armys homepage and like a week later he left imsa'
'Enforce poop can laws'
'Dr Torres is rooming with a massive pile of cash this year, like last year'
''
'asher'
'Tay is fucking awesome'
'In a language i dont understand, I know it calculated my exact dat of death'
'I got a speak and math today. Its whispering to me'
'my grandfather circa April 2020'
'Good news, they look at mental health in draft'
'We gotta write it in ferb Latin.'
'"Logan-pa, your-pa dad-pa is-pa gay-pa "'
'There are 0 gamers in Naperville'
'Miniwheat says he was just following orders'
'Peter leahu and I atr syivk in the bathroom we cannot gey oyt tge door handle is just not working'
'Everyone In Sodexo turned around and looked at him.'
'Haha i no have ABS'
'shae is a cuck'
'i was at a cracker barrel in alabama and i was looking for these weird sunglasses that you could write on when over the speakers came a psa for like the whole state of alabama that a penis had been found on a beach'
'Right after rodrigo told me to set up a meeting with Kevin Kusy I got that ad'
'Austin english projecr'
'im going to get sleep paralysis bro I can already tell'
'Ive been contained'
'I bit my phone.'
'as a weeaboo, i am a hardcore antinatalist. If Japan won't have kids, neither will I'
'He is a furry'
'Oh no, it's cute.'
'I think big tiddies show unhealthfulness, because they come with other big parts.'
'Big tiddy gamer girl jackson'
'The lightning should have hit me'
'So i asked patrick k to writing center tutor my essay and'
'See you guys later. Im going home sick.'
'No they care about students
Just only enough to guarantee more state funding'
'Do that to all auto lock doors when no one opens them'
'im tryna strive to create stuff like this'
'https://youtu.be/vfok9M_RFRA'
'What is pegging'
'Alvin is literally envious of Theodore'
'Aggretsuko'
'Ive been thinking IMSA is literally the plot to danganronpa'
'vibe check'
'K LINE CRATE AT SIX FLAGS'
'THE FUCKING SWITCH LITE HAS DRIFTING ISSUES 20 HOURS INTO USE'
'It means youre super good at lying and also very rich and probably have a few child sex slaves'
'Being told you should be a politician is an insult'
'I wish I had friends.'
'BITE THE DUST!'
'I felt like I was the best person on the planet'
'Who cares about Chicago'
'Fun fact Ive actually never been in Chicago'
'Imagine being on campus to experience this'
'You laugh, I cry'
'quote me on the first kind reading quiz'
'unfunny'
'Dr trainers my little cumslut'
'https://youtu.be/dqB-EMqpsUA'
'I still have braces :('
'No he was like ranting and eventually it was like I will kill the 1%, I will kill ludacris'
'Putting economic policy before financial responsibility is like putting the cart before the horse'
'Fuck you whore'
'i said I will take a 20 minute nap and I woke up just now'
'https://youtu.be/KQGbBOd3QDg'
'Putting economic policy before fiscal responsibility is like putting the cart before the horse'
'Vote me and alana for hoco court on ivc'
'We showed him thenimage'
'Eric swanson is team theodore'
'FUCK YOU ITS ALVIN'
'> gets sent to see Kevin coochie 
> For depression
> Fuck 
> Gonna get kicked
> He doesn't show
> I'm not going to get kicked 
> Nice
> Mfw the one person required to care abt depression didn't show 
> Fuck
> Guess I'll kms'
'I had this but he didnt show to our own meeting :('
'Alvin has the best reaction tho'
'Rodrigo is an Alvin'
'natalism'
'Diego fucking curb stomps me'
'Phillip just googled cuckold in the middle of class Im crying'
'Trump got him'
'I hate minorities'
'SCP-3008'
'What if we hid in the k-line crate'
'love how the ac pit is surrounded by glass on all sides'
'Someone just said one of my kinks is being locked in with guys'
'Everybody is against us gamers'
'Tornado warning on gamer day'
'Shitposting at the end of the world'
'Peter walking into German II'
'sex'
'Oh boy, what a cutie Jackson is. I'd suck you off (no homo).'
'My dog (white) just died lol'
'Rem and ram from re zero'
'Asmr my sister is bullying me for coughing in a visionworks eyecare'
'FaZe Lemon (2) sent a link.'
'v'
'Whyd you censor jackson and peter'
'Ming you like feet huh?'
'Peridot gets beat to death and fucking dies'
'steven gets shot 3 times in the back of the head by Amethyst after he accidentally commits mass genocide on all gems'
'Wait till landen sees'
''
'@Diego Lichel i had a clear vision a couple days ago that when you inevitably asexually reproduce you will immediatly give your clone/son a blue hoodie and say "your name is now... Sans"'
'I think they found your furry porn chief'
'now whenever i see an interracial couple in real life i think about when peter says "when i see an interracial couple" and i fucking blame all of you'
'RODRIGOS FAVORITE SHOW IS AGGRETSUKO'
'@Peter Leahy i am going to get Patrick Boris to not only pounce on you, but talk about math facts until he climaxes'
'he posted a nude'
'Sometimes I wonder what islt sounds like to hear ari cry'
'proceeds to slap every male on campus' ass without saying no homo'
'Rodrigobama'
'Ill sex her and moan your name'
'01 after installing bridge cams'
'The epic gamer fandom is dying out'
'I'm already anime'
'I just read the entire fanfic





























Damn'
'I don't think I need you explain why that is socially unacceptable'
'"Also Peter Leah or whatever the fuck asked someone about Len Washington the third 's BBC and I think I may kill myself"-emma hoskins'
'Die'
'Spare cliff bar maam'
'when Peter ate Charline's snack during her presentation'
'kevin for the last time, im not going to catch your goddamn woah, so shut the fuck up and stop asking'
'Are you shitting me?'
'Amazing World of Gumball
Aggretsuko

Undertale
Regular Show
Smosh

My fav amimes'
'"@Peter Leahy to the rc office" - Grant, right now'
'Carlson is playong minecraft paradys'
'Just got dr dosch to say cringe'
'If you like farting, wait till you hear about shitting'
'Object oriented poop'
'His genius sisters treat him like a lab rat.'
'Fuck my mom might unearth hentai pants'
'IMSA females'
'One piece'
'i wanna be veg an, but that means no chocolate milk'
'Chick fil a is god tiger because they hate gays'
'Potbellys is a tier'
'And culvers'
'I will vore CEO of chick fil a'
'Almost as deep as I was in Peter last night'
'when i turn austin to a vocaloid this is his name'
'I still don't know what ketamine is and I still think it's a vocaloid'
'Landen noises'
'At imsa youre either the weeb or the furry'
'We spend our 45 minutes analyzing a Garfield comic and debating epsteins death'
'Cheeto dust in the foreskin make the bitches go wild'
'Cover art for unwell'
'Ngl Peter's got huge tits'
'Look at. Him trying to think of something witty to say'
'no. wood burning grill gang'
'The group chat is talking about human consequence abd narure in the chat,

I just want to grill for darn sakes!'
'cram'
'September 20th will be the start of The Collapse'
'virgin jackson mother of jah'
'Fuck you'
'I like how he disregards the existence of juniors'
'Im not a furry I just like their art -Logan Gagnepain'
'Its not over yet boys'
'I asked ben if the RC office had a tape measure, and he said yeah probably, we have a lot of stuff and I reflexively said Im stuff'
'Can I get Billie Eillish's underboob sweat rag as a gift'
'Hes slamming on brakes and gas and then taking turns at 100000 miles an hour'
'HE BROUGHT A MASSIVE COOLER JUST FULL OF CHEESE STICKS IN THE CAR LMAO'
'At the elo concert everyone thought my dad forced me to go and then they went bruh whenever I told them I brought him.'
'She was mad at me because i didnt finish reading the tempest'
'me and the boys stealing art and selling it as merch'
'im just mad cause i finally got miku to say Peter Leahy but i cant send'
'In 6th grade, I had a youtube channel called "Pepe Gaming"'
'Didnt the us make a gay bomb or soemthing'
'DONT GO TO THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE ON AUGUST 11 2019



WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE!!'
'mark zuckerberg selling our info to bill Clinton and have us assassinated'
'Lichen mein ballen'
'The only milo i know is from a disney show called fishhooked'
'Thas me and logan during moving and learning'
'its semi mario sound like its a me mario'
'Guys guys... I think... Haha I think you re overthinking it guys yeah guy's he happened to have a rope in his cell (he probably asked for it to practice his lasso technique while spending free time in jail) but decided to scuicide like any rational person in his situation'
'Aishite aishite'
'Ich, Giorno Giovanna, habe einen Traum.'
'It's a goose'
'Kartin Luther King'
'IMSA without Omar isn't IMSA at all'
'I love sam rabideau so much'
'I like how you all did actual stuff this summer and rn im makung an alvjn and chipmunk remix of a vocaloud song'
'Also went to the lee life son sculpture park, named after the two members of rush. There was so much vandalism there. Someone wrote follow Toronto yiff on a sculpture.'
'Dislike ella'
'Wait Holy frick i looked at your profile pic this whole time I thought you were black'
'Can we do 2h1tting my pant'
'Listen bruh Im all about pwning boomers but miss me with that gay shit. Im homiesexual not homosexual'
'lets overthrow the imsa government'
'Everybody is gonna wake up hella confused'
'You look like the sun from teletubbies'
'I love skinner as much as the next guy but the whole skinner circlejerk is annoying and unfunny'
'Do I have a personality yet'
'if they do japan trip this year you bet Im going to a miku concert'
'https://youtu.be/xqls9BQQMkQ'
'Hmm uh fucking uh pizza'
'the virgin ehhh I dont really want kids versus the chad THE BLOODLINE ENDS WITH ME'
'idk man everyone is saying me and shae should get together. but also like, dating is for losers antinatalism gang'
'if this message gets 4 upvotes I will forward Bretts message to mariam'
''
'Imsa vore Diego club'
'Could you imagine feeling enough emotions to warrant having a gf'
'Today was apparently national girlfriend day'
'Murder is only okay in the case of ending the human race'
'Gods not dead, put Peter is is a chart-topping hit'
'Like when i was 12 my dad asked if i wanted to cosplay as anything and i said asriel and he probably thought i was a furry oh gosh'
'God's Not Dead, But Peter Is feat. Landen Risler'
'chas is cool'
'have sex with me peter.'
'fun fact i hate niggers'
'just because im not a centrist doesnt mean i cant say both sides are wrong'
'Me and the boys in creative mode with an invisibility potion wearing only a player head'
'kpop fans be like: which ones cuter '
'Pizza Steve'
'@Austin McDonald is an objectively attractive man compared to what standards other man would compare thems. Yeah'
'I really wanna have some weird birth defect where I grow some horns type shit, so I can be on some TLC/History Channel document known as "The Devil Boy"'
'If you have heart eyes react, you are a second class citizen'
'quad movie night with shorts tron and megamind'
'Holy fucking shit. I want to bang the Linux penguin so goddamn bad. I can't stand it anymore. Every time I boot my computer I get a massive erection. I've seen literally every rule 34 post there is of him online. My dreams are nothing but constant fucking sex with Tux. I'm sick of waking up every morning with six nuts in my boxers and knowing that those are nuts that should've been busted inside of Tux's tight penguin cloaca. I want him to have my mutant human/penguin babies.

Fuck, my fucking mom caught me with the computer's Ethernet port. I'd painted it black, white and orange and went to fucking town. She hasn't said a word to me in 10 hours and I'm worried she's gonna take away my Ubuntu server. I might not ever get to see Tux again.'
'Freak sh0w 1'
'That sounds like a tsundere moment'
'when youre simultaneously horny and depressed'
'My friend sent kill la kill vore'
'Rodrigo would take us.'
'he looks uncomfortable'
'the vore version of horny is voracious'
'For all I know, applebees is a lie made up by the government to sell more apples and bees'
'It's called horny because of the devils horns'
'Peter Leahy rule 34'
'Nicole Watterson rule 34'
'The Japanese phrase for post-nut clarity is kenjataimu, which literally translates to wise man time'
'Sent a photo.'
'me trying to talk to regular imsa students'
'ew... league of legends more like league of losers'
'She just said its not like I like him or anything'
'I will vore CAB if the riddles this year are as bad as the last'
'its you ??????
nhentai.net'
'Obama and donal trum'
'Ajstin and jaek son in group chat video call'
'Reddit did to memes what mtv did to music and i know you saw that greentext kevin'
'Nigga pants fart sauce'
'That jacket bout to become Austins fur suit.'
'For every bad in the world, there is good'
'I'm convinced that Landen is the best and funniest thing to happen to this group chat'
'yeah thats how xxxtentacion died'
'Like fuck off'
'I want to have sex with len'
'>using rule34 .xxx and not paheal'
'Icarly theme song has same vibe as wonderwall'
'bananae'
'vanilla ice deserves to be euthanized'
'Me driving to the Linux store to buy more Linux'
'Fetty wap full name fetulous wapulus'
'ALEXA PLAY MY MUSIC





LOUD'
'Landen did the bite of 87'
'That one image of Landen kills me every time'
'Anyone else just wanna form a crew of 10 people and pilot a b-17 Flying Fortress'
'Josu Torres'
'Bc dr skinner invented osu store'
'In2 but it's actually the osu store'
'Natalistic action'
'unmarked dvd found in 07C dvd case'
'Y'all gonna come storm Area 51 on September 20th with like 370k other people?'
'that was such a shitty joke'
'Anyway heres wonderbread'
'Also applies to dating'
'https://youtu.be/7jeMp7qdS2U'
'I had a grand total of 0 girlfriends'
'hey girl  you looked so cute in your last picture, and it reminded me of chemistry class from 8 years ago when we sat 4 rows and 3 seats to the right apart. such a great time! speaking of, are you looking for a snappy and SECURE~ operating system :)) ? i've gotten allll my friends into this super easy OS to make everything from home super fast AND super stable and they all LOVE it! crazy! if you wanna join, all you need to do is download the rufus and iso installments for a whopping 0.00$ to obtain some super easy to leech and glamorous OS and then pass them on to your seeders.'
'girs don't exist'
'I have a lot of respect for her, shes literally mastered capitalism'
'me lookin down on racism'
'Brett u only dont like it because it promotes natalism'
'I refuse to watch eva'
'Imagine u applying for college then they pull up a milk crate full of it'
'I one time drew guy fieri crying because his wife divorced him'
'Shorts'
'will trade: 

1 slayer t shirt for

50 copies of Wii play'
'I have a theory that all costcos are actually portals to the same exact Costco'
'I'm drawing sexy Garfield'
'Juul? More like the jewel of the devil. Juul was only created to create bad temptations in today's youth. Youth these days is cruel and selfish, and this is exactly what capitalists capitalize on. Soon, "Juuling" will be seen as normal, along with incest and being gay. Back in my day, we smoke cigarettes like real men, not digitalized electric computer liberal "cigarettes" that millennials are putting into their mouthes so that the government can spy on their thoughts. We really do live in a society.'
'Id pay $30 for your bath water jackson'
'Haha y'all remember when a girl murdered her friend for slender man'
'I feel like Diego was like ha ha I'm gonna prank the guys at my new school so he started doing stuff but then forgot until recently and then he remembered again
That seems like something he would did'
'me and the boys goin unicycle'
'I forgot to tell you guys but on Wednesday I camped on a lake called kek lake'
'>Have a car
>Name it brad
>Love brad
>Total him
>Been through everything together
>2 boyfriends 3 jobs
>Nothing can replace brad
>Liberty Mutual calls
>Break into my happy dance'
'Peter has merged with the bridge
Peter has merged with the bridge'
'heyyyy can you guys constantly react on this post so that my phone will act as a vibrator and i will stick my phone into my vagina and you guys will make me cum owo~~~'
'             '
'Add me on snapchat: pleahy99'
'Gamers, we have won'
